Subject: 5 Artists You Should Hear - feat. The Parlotones
Body:  
ReverbNation<https://gp1.wac.edgecastcdn.net/802892/production_static/im
ages/email/discovered_on/rn_logo.png> 	October 29 - November 4
<https://gp1.wac.edgecastcdn.net/802892/production_static/images/email/d
iscovered_on/spacer_dark.gif> 		

Featured On ReverbNation

	
We're spotlighting fresh independent talent each week. Here are your 5
featured recommendations for the week of October 29 - November 4.

	
Don't want to discover new bands in your inbox? Unsubscribe
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/unsubscribe/artist_2574900?email_type=
music_discovery&key=4ecba5f1f35b278a&stats=4404&utm_campaign=featured_on
_artists&utm_content=&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist> 

 Staff
Picked<https://gp1.wac.edgecastcdn.net/802892/production_static/images/e
mail/discovered_on/fresh_picks.gif> 	
  	
  	
The Parlotones
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/theparlotones4?
mestatid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_conten
t=button_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	

The Parlotones

	

Alternative  |  Los Angeles, CA

	
South African natives, The Parlotones, deliver dramatic alternative rock
that wows audiences. Handpicked by Coldplay to open their 2011
performances in Johannesburg and Cape Town, they also played a huge role
in the 2010 World Cup, playing for more than one million fans. But they
sound just as good in headphones as they do onstage: Listen now.

	
  Play Song Now
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/theparlotones4?
mestatid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_conten
t=button_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	
  	

Do you have what it takes to be featured here?

	
Get a crowd review to find out. Featured Artists who score over 7.8
qualify for consideration.

  	Learn More
<http://www.reverbnation.com/featuredopportunity?mestatid=4404_Artist_25
74900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_content=button_learn_more&utm
_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	
  	
We The Ghost
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/wetheghost?mest
atid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_content=bu
tton_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	

We The Ghost

	

Indie  |  Tulsa, OK

	
We The Ghost formed out of loss and pain, but the emotional writings of
frontman Beau Tyler led to an artistically and commercially successful
first album. Today, the band has performed with headliners like Neon
Trees, Imagine Dragons, and OneRepublic and has been awarded multiple
industry accolades for their indie-reggae-rock songs.

	
  Play Song Now
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/wetheghost?mest
atid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_content=bu
tton_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	
  	
Hannah Ellis
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/hannahellis?mes
tatid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_content=b
utton_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	

Hannah Ellis

	

Country  |  Nashville, TN

	
Country singer Hannah Ellis strives to bring her fans an entertaining
energy and songs that they won't soon forget. Hannah's catchy
country-pop has gained major radio airplay, including her hit, "Why
Didn't I Think of That?" Listen now. 

	
  Play Song Now
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/hannahellis?mes
tatid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_content=b
utton_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	
  	
Elm Treason
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/elmtreason?mest
atid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_content=bu
tton_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	

Elm Treason

	

Rock  |  Staten Island, NY

	
Musical duoSubject: 5 Artists You Should Hear - feat. The Parlotones
Body:  
ReverbNation<https://gp1.wac.edgecastcdn.net/802892/production_static/im
ages/email/discovered_on/rn_logo.png> 	October 29 - November 4
<https://gp1.wac.edgecastcdn.net/802892/production_static/images/email/d
iscovered_on/spacer_dark.gif> 		

Featured On ReverbNation

	
We're spotlighting fresh independent talent each week. Here are your 5
featured recommendations for the week of October 29 - November 4.

	
Don't want to discover new bands in your inbox? Unsubscribe
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/unsubscribe/artist_2574900?email_type=
music_discovery&key=4ecba5f1f35b278a&stats=4404&utm_campaign=featured_on
_artists&utm_content=&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist> 

 Staff
Picked<https://gp1.wac.edgecastcdn.net/802892/production_static/images/e
mail/discovered_on/fresh_picks.gif> 	
  	
  	
The Parlotones
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/theparlotones4?
mestatid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_conten
t=button_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	

The Parlotones

	

Alternative  |  Los Angeles, CA

	
South African natives, The Parlotones, deliver dramatic alternative rock
that wows audiences. Handpicked by Coldplay to open their 2011
performances in Johannesburg and Cape Town, they also played a huge role
in the 2010 World Cup, playing for more than one million fans. But they
sound just as good in headphones as they do onstage: Listen now.

	
  Play Song Now
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/theparlotones4?
mestatid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_conten
t=button_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	
  	

Do you have what it takes to be featured here?

	
Get a crowd review to find out. Featured Artists who score over 7.8
qualify for consideration.

  	Learn More
<http://www.reverbnation.com/featuredopportunity?mestatid=4404_Artist_25
74900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_content=button_learn_more&utm
_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	
  	
We The Ghost
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/wetheghost?mest
atid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_content=bu
tton_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	

We The Ghost

	

Indie  |  Tulsa, OK

	
We The Ghost formed out of loss and pain, but the emotional writings of
frontman Beau Tyler led to an artistically and commercially successful
first album. Today, the band has performed with headliners like Neon
Trees, Imagine Dragons, and OneRepublic and has been awarded multiple
industry accolades for their indie-reggae-rock songs.

	
  Play Song Now
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/wetheghost?mest
atid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_content=bu
tton_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	
  	
Hannah Ellis
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/hannahellis?mes
tatid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_content=b
utton_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	

Hannah Ellis

	

Country  |  Nashville, TN

	
Country singer Hannah Ellis strives to bring her fans an entertaining
energy and songs that they won't soon forget. Hannah's catchy
country-pop has gained major radio airplay, including her hit, "Why
Didn't I Think of That?" Listen now. 

	
  Play Song Now
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/hannahellis?mes
tatid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_content=b
utton_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	
  	
Elm Treason
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/elmtreason?mest
atid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_content=bu
tton_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	

Elm Treason

	

Rock  |  Staten Island, NY

	
Musical duoSubject: 5 Artists You Should Hear - feat. The Parlotones
Body:  
ReverbNation<https://gp1.wac.edgecastcdn.net/802892/production_static/im
ages/email/discovered_on/rn_logo.png> 	October 29 - November 4
<https://gp1.wac.edgecastcdn.net/802892/production_static/images/email/d
iscovered_on/spacer_dark.gif> 		

Featured On ReverbNation

	
We're spotlighting fresh independent talent each week. Here are your 5
featured recommendations for the week of October 29 - November 4.

	
Don't want to discover new bands in your inbox? Unsubscribe
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/unsubscribe/artist_2574900?email_type=
music_discovery&key=4ecba5f1f35b278a&stats=4404&utm_campaign=featured_on
_artists&utm_content=&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist> 

 Staff
Picked<https://gp1.wac.edgecastcdn.net/802892/production_static/images/e
mail/discovered_on/fresh_picks.gif> 	
  	
  	
The Parlotones
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/theparlotones4?
mestatid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_conten
t=button_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	

The Parlotones

	

Alternative  |  Los Angeles, CA

	
South African natives, The Parlotones, deliver dramatic alternative rock
that wows audiences. Handpicked by Coldplay to open their 2011
performances in Johannesburg and Cape Town, they also played a huge role
in the 2010 World Cup, playing for more than one million fans. But they
sound just as good in headphones as they do onstage: Listen now.

	
  Play Song Now
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/theparlotones4?
mestatid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_conten
t=button_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	
  	

Do you have what it takes to be featured here?

	
Get a crowd review to find out. Featured Artists who score over 7.8
qualify for consideration.

  	Learn More
<http://www.reverbnation.com/featuredopportunity?mestatid=4404_Artist_25
74900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_content=button_learn_more&utm
_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	
  	
We The Ghost
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/wetheghost?mest
atid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_content=bu
tton_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	

We The Ghost

	

Indie  |  Tulsa, OK

	
We The Ghost formed out of loss and pain, but the emotional writings of
frontman Beau Tyler led to an artistically and commercially successful
first album. Today, the band has performed with headliners like Neon
Trees, Imagine Dragons, and OneRepublic and has been awarded multiple
industry accolades for their indie-reggae-rock songs.

	
  Play Song Now
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/wetheghost?mest
atid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_content=bu
tton_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	
  	
Hannah Ellis
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/hannahellis?mes
tatid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_content=b
utton_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	

Hannah Ellis

	

Country  |  Nashville, TN

	
Country singer Hannah Ellis strives to bring her fans an entertaining
energy and songs that they won't soon forget. Hannah's catchy
country-pop has gained major radio airplay, including her hit, "Why
Didn't I Think of That?" Listen now. 

	
  Play Song Now
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/hannahellis?mes
tatid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_content=b
utton_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	
  	
Elm Treason
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/elmtreason?mest
atid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_content=bu
tton_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	

Elm Treason

	

Rock  |  Staten Island, NY

	
Musical duo Elm Treason describes their sound as "kind of alternative, a
bit progressive, sometimes funky and sometimes fluffy." Their eclectic
songs keep fans guessing, keeping their sound and feel diverse and
collaborative. Check out their 80's rock influenced song "With You."

	
  Play Song Now
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/elmtreason?mest
atid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_content=bu
tton_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	
  	
Aly Tadros
<http://www.reverbnation.com/main/featured_on/2013_10_29/alytadros?mesta
tid=4404_Artist_2574900&utm_campaign=featured_on_artists&utm_content=but
ton_play_song&utm_medium=email&utm_source=featured_on_artist>  	

Aly Tadros

	

Singer Songwriter  |  Brooklyn, NY

	
When Aly Tadros played her first paid gig, she had three original songs
under her belt. The set time called for two hours. She took it anyways.
Now four years and over 600 shows later, that gutsy attitude has defined
T