Subject: Plex Update: Introducing Cloud Sync
Body: Plex News - October 2013 
Your source for the latest news in the Plexverse! 
Trouble seeing something? view it online
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=r919yovET0liWEiak5Jqikj9SL7XKBVAw
YCcS9D8-2FWgAVVHz7dp-2But6IH3F8D-2FNBfKIxEy1cGmOwrxsOku6bzMuhaCUyhkb30D9
10mPBrX1Vmq0izCDzhVpjxm6nm6NBrsBBkWv7Ad3xs4bsxXdY9FUJ5QAz3l3oO02swX5cPsF
p17dNkEXuB0AJdnmc8md6iC-2BjBfG8XtX0j-2FjC2YG7IDMb-2BjMhtNcQXUVvMsuzevbSp
Mftx9n3kSJ1ERh9i07OjZIGKoJJEfDkJTCAODcyBf-2FcgljlYCgb0g9r-2FX7jiIM-3D_rk
wuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0Md
OmySUcSIuV8HjuTp3iEsZl8Aw1YQD6N7nxKe1j9YmD4n7m0jQiqba1bzUj5dlb7dl-2BfWHJ
vseYDZ1hKW73yPFeOMoTEJS4EzdCsukECZi992wYui-2FFaYg2nV7YsciqN5WPa-2BUl7dLB
En5tOMrQd-2BWjTi6PrwzDkhkIBy-2FCnkb3-2F4lv3CmJTGkD2Wp1M6LcOCmF4eSOnDJ3pb
T-2FohDELYY43nOovJljR-2BHG5P8lT-2FQwYzgpaH0Mt3Jap-2BtxrrGpCSxWx0nOoozpmT
0fpleiWeepnRsgkF-2B-2Febv-2FRv3Sx2o2iOW3WrUBXIfyIp7TBxPfbnMKq3nJa8Aifr3o
fw-3D-3D>  
 	 
 	 
Plex, Inc. 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=KSq-2Fh2G1t3MxflcaP4SZY3TuS98duXm
2hk81ZxFNOb9vRH1ZBOn1QPJIw0ox-2F3Gk_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDL
YYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTq2Eq2hBBoe3AtldRoT6
hq3XQUteC3vm32tNrzYnvqi5PK-2FRT-2FVRJoKIVv3cOwjBWa4hUpgfbaRcRcD-2BLik3gT
LrSMEnhUivQYKFxcWHD1TrdB1AZmZIhhzcY5d4uWQI-2FUdNqUI2ehov1dnMXQ9so9OC7xCE
hWRlkBYACmWulpd-2FpkZYkvGFlm7opNCc-2Bzkd46Erxz96F2aqqytB7tk0H9JECZpsNudc
Gdk10wqzVbhNTAlT2SXs6mHge9Dh0JcHBcNISAYQW33vnmTw0KdmEdQrn83tX2UEBiZdZkjC
bKJc2W-2FvV86HKSWw52fCiMWOMA-3D-3D>
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4q394k6-2FbKd
yvMUgpCrC2VhVJojV69aGhvhE4aUYHPfb_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYY
c877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuThcmmEPqmy8g0IwnJ2geix
nWIp9YZQbSO6pedvvEw4zC7OTtPvpFy6z6TY4Non-2F6yLZXN-2FDC2ipQQpPFHer3v-2BKp
HhGNAaUlHPHD4G9kH1ujF2Jxk6s5GZSVNNyfkIMBIfOoY1d5pInESGwJiv-2FMKFmZuNlFuO
btgauqgTtVFQYM94iy43qeUMks1resgF7ofAAdF8br-2Fw7yyaMnKZUJULmiZqxWHvm1Q8dy
QiaTGN2MORX4HAm2ZrBeLptgKlaZZIXzk-2BVtyLzMSW5HJJBxeGwaU3LymlDwUMFe3P-2FX
vRhGAC2pDkca-2F-2FG6tf-2BJIWsqNg-3D-3D>
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0vW9Gqz0nluDUwc8GEUjn3J9G2HQ12AVU
PWVTP6MnBl8gcf1hem6YsL4Ko-2Fsuojkkfbq2I8sO3WQqe9SHc0v86nyxYvVh-2FPDXKRkU
ixTbahaEvFWWFfW83UlGId2pSDS5URHpcMnqPxMDPvSUFRqs224YVx4WAowRx8EX737Wgo-3
D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4Rkd
B0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTln1N7ljqQr0uByvJ-2BOozXuTV1K77yp6Ggyb9FNccFBfIJJPeOR3
5YCmnt2u2eh-2B-2ByUrEL9SN9p4w4TeuW9ofiqAk9xC11PRG7qrQ4UAHrv-2FVe0t8-2BAF
5MYyDum-2FesscWAvlzJsJN-2FgXYgowS2mNMCUF8zwDoVYfJXMXQZDh1czvBTAbOdqMiuJQ
zdLowUfukGUp4CQWui0BB7zZYTEMllsZN20geG0w6GxUPZ-2Fx4takY1QXzDKKRMQ4jNUDPW
4uz5msHZZlBojWmbmAJqGr-2F0emcjAPSHtoEYmqINdqIEnpCfqnzHOYR4jYCoL9pnYXvA-3
D-3D>  
Newsletter October 2013 
 	 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0vW9Gqz0nluDUwc8GEUjn3J9G2HQ12AVU
PWVTP6MnBl8gcf1hem6YsL4Ko-2Fsuojkkfbq2I8sO3WQqe9SHc0v86nyxYvVh-2FPDXKRkU
ixTbag13GM4odi-2BhyP1lxN4Bo1tkDgm-2F2SFQwsYB5seEFAcD7UmMSm1dtFPJeklv9Yi-
2BWo-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2B
MA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTkeya9oT9k0mTvYs6H7dyK4T6WLO8K9fUy6QQoJaxBDfZIMj
-2Fd7ASrvW7WQbDFQA-2Fm8neYEtFid9NREIih9NRdBFpRdlc-2Fna12beSZ-2FU7hnNPLjv
gFLYAp2qHGzK6UB-2FnpgiNUitsdtdJi82IUGX3DNIJgn13MdE92snM3TNS9POyD5BZI87zp
v5E6p3YCBvcXw5m-2FCcwvZUa3Q6jGLrKnMKcr-2FjbN83Ph6Cjq7Z5FaOaTPDiOTn6ncXoH
NTSHNd7QtysS0OW47yJfcxWnC9pc2fc6xqQ6YFC-2F55amnvIJYRMKNmVQAW2b-2FPx-2B2D
-2FlKlfQ-3D-3D> 	 
 	 Enhancements everywhere 
 	 

We're always striving to improve your Plex experience, and you've told
us you want to keep up to date. We're glad you did. We've been working
on a number of enhancements and launching new features we know you'll
love. Plus we've added some great tips in this newsletter to help you
get the most out of Plex.

 	 
 	 What we've been doing 
 	 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOYyP1wZU6DPCRc577WK6un6c5j6s7GahFURzC219eeIZTCuOlRifmQsQdNkRG0
3ZqPqksAIftRo53491XGZvoRFlje-2F7IJxSjVAMt6CRKSTFger-2FBpbfHHFV-2FRtuYBu4
3DwHmy8pMe-2FHsybxSR-2B5G61SpkW7mmfakUmuawHczkt1g-3D-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYu
N-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8Hju
Tv6Qo1-2B35VEyIJUJxGD4gyahgtVjRUYzUEJ-2Fo4Uvsh0zfOXsWzmFUlJFNuknQ66l2DFQ
UU3kLEqS9e-2F-2BPuqsmg0CF3sRBau-2BH1Djjj9tb7Gq-2BSpOkcV1TkdGMc0bZDOGW72u
ygDM-2FtdhetZFzAtY2kVJP-2BRUoaEKlRXlZYWFtVhAjwcs8U3zXmmYGTGcnBeMDmRuCrr1
eWgaE2LFDMo5EqlB3GvMxjupxBSXbLfY3ZrdoDhqpHAbuNyQWqdwM7gxyUlek0EjiRqN9klj
GbzaW-2F7k3GX3bSC1JJGKHJbWsxZ7aA16lxNWPkmVs-2FpWNXYVYA-3D-3D>
Introducing Cloud Sync (beta)
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOYyP1wZU6DPCRc577WK6un6c5j6s7GahFURzC219eeIZTCuOlRifmQsQdNkRG0
3ZqPqksAIftRo53491XGZvoRFlje-2F7IJxSjVAMt6CRKSTFj9qlomF3YdXJkBAivph4ndzY
1de9cbwEFBgtK5fYLqQkDH2MQBdmLRoqYDZbCxL-2Fg-3D-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWc
FqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTp-2FU
HFNUcw0eM-2BObi2InW-2ByTVgLjgK19GvM3RYSq5OZ1Df8cKTQ04LJM9GTtBhTS0U581kIK
54wK1LsiCRHepLWhQpckUd9bfPxWn2Y1z3YKNyOXfpaAmyniIRrYy2QeNuNx89LhWE3t-2BP
JFWioy-2BpRAm0b6-2BGvjUL0aWdQdnHsc2T0BCza6HPknm0Qd4KJhC-2F0b0Z-2BKXdMtFd
Q8Ta8DYOUQUpPRDIDhgAcWyezBWeE99Es82OEwxRSDOwTZu3oEbn4d0kmEUUbfLwyVa-2Ft-
2B-2B3MCAsRl9KzxUmAXtHZ21lplJqtNn-2F-2BZ70SSzi-2FlhO20Jw-3D-3D>  

We know that streaming bandwidth and storage limitations can be
frustrating when sharing and enjoying your media, and we'd like to help.
Today, we're excited to launch Cloud Sync, which lets you sync your
media to places like DropBox
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0vW9Gqz0nluDUwc8GEUjnxB6ZkEXZ1Hs5
JZb07CQ9vA-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aG
CDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTrJBETFrjPBKG5wWNHzNQXbRA-2F-2FKUN8-2BdrBy
ctkPnfhM4gJC3ib5ZgxGtS-2FAIjIQGmmajq1fBuRyquSCGG8unMCGbQkrJiVsz1N5a-2Bfk
ygg9M-2BgI2lYcd2CHcUPyfXnLv5RZwCKIBHLJsBtLIeqet5y1gS-2FLOHRnWJgNiPbfDgXK
xkatcLwod2h0ppmzOaGPsfHnCeCmm62BPz3SO3kOwYngEqeNIoBC7neLMNi0gE8XPwYsQzUi
oLFaZnNShpNiaEJNd5f9TLWCa6dhZw3g4EOwnxNMcwrIis3ocjcMQxr3Vp30n9vPkAkFqsl3
O7zJkw-3D-3D> , Google Drive
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=Z3iYpvyb2hAZKgvCAvedmQK2FNEbaIn6U
k4XWRj7f50-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aG
CDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTs3e0palyDkf1VmhJKrhBnTNN4CgkrQ7hy-2FM8F1d
iHCgKvw6fhAsFDG5ZT4OsQA9X0jgi8ber39useCFipc5mO9LH9QT-2BpEbCSSV3v7Yy3mtyp
OBO61ZSfzu-2FcnKVkHOjVb02Unryz-2Fr-2Bm0r-2FfYZYRlEvfS1-2BHAhzyFVS6Q7TsNL
pSrcxQ7P6aP2L1Ox-2Fx5LUPwhCQPX18RbPUK8MfGb-2Bc4cSnu1v6NChGmasIZfUlDPAN7i
P1LCEUs-2FvUn8fT5BgrEef5wXBbJ-2BxlwAlGTFnpKhYlI-2B2TZh-2FfXZnwkovK2w4DMG
7NHjHG8aJMQ5n9hrmA-3D-3D>  and Box
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0vW9Gqz0nluDUwc8GEUjn3LjI1bOB6mJ6
N5GtZWNPSQ-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aG
CDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTkdRDKVD-2F5yUjb9olfOHKWvJ6ebr5U4iIPmT3vod
mm6ik-2F6Ab2rWhEwP0KatKFcf7V1Pfj939Ito5CZrN6MRVFUxAdaq3E-2BGfCxj8Belee0j
FB7iWBnNtBqJwVf-2FG-2BMXGLbxaH9abWAzg2aLnxRxpfsGGgwVI-2BZjn0xsGxZ-2BQuMa
USWh3arywKJ1bT2vcDf4pX2qGbf55ZS0V9V0E3fMPlJx0A4jN1zrUVcT1CIcLztmA9PI-2FE
edHhhe-2F5MgIIQQsYN2MxaKleKOciHw50KhaKP-2BT1MNXknbcyqysRupA8448bJMFVkym2
DlUrhldWoU4w-3D-3D> . Your media is automatically optimized for
streaming and uploaded along with the rich metadata you know and love.
It's like having a media server that's always on, even when your
computer at home is turned off. Cloud Sync is available to Plex Pass
subscribers.

You can learn more here
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOYyP1wZU6DPCRc577WK6un6c5j6s7GahFURzC219eeIZTCuOlRifmQsQdNkRG0
3ZqPqksAIftRo53491XGZvoRFlje-2F7IJxSjVAMt6CRKSTFkl0ee9PeOS1w-2FYVJ0Uo0mc
p-2BP-2BGSbhMzGrPchDykjh-2BOeHkie7jjFNen91ZT7Zohg-3D-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYu
N-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8Hju
TjGIElEf4HisT4FPLBwWff-2B-2BVBN1FnxbcJoe69XMuiRaHu9A8vVcNrKWa9t2ojrV7ATi
RUzQkKv9hA7tGj3PdcKePiDcn6zuZlaT0JJvTWJauv3hff-2FU9iLmiT0Z2C7634dUib8OQP
9lMsn6PT1CQvUXbymWHU7i23n5mPQkZ9WRvftU8ERNmrIFKgx70-2BtWtzcwkH8SD-2B9w18
TLNEtoUq0CqF73fWLeQcTBd-2FMTL3B5XRekiUipmDHKj3llQnHitEsJSDTBJQIESLfHdpoC
PM8xxY03iUoXA90cnshoKHsKNYUWQuCi0ivP-2BK-2BBrhP-2Blw-3D-3D> .

 	 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOYyP1wZU6DPCRc577WK6un6c5j6s7GahFURzC219eeIZTCuOlRifmQsQdNkRG0
3ZqPqksAIftRo53491XGZvoRFlje-2F7IJxSjVAMt6CRKSTFrxaCO7X79hdc7H7pdYkcOYmJ
e2CSAHZ3GY6K3zL3GsXKY9vUPgBDLJRnMivVKzBOg-3D-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFq
YOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuToj7RGUu
XlYHo7uT1-2B9zz7CAViOOdZt4WWOT9gTDOV9UDOZcGe46SEcu-2BDfwSlFm9MctqMmgXgZE
WTwPyj0wvH5WufUeUTsJQg4TqRhi8WAc9ycODKjZfLY6FuaN6tFfhJ0H81yHSo7Xs5G-2FO-
2BV570obMYiCL8m3AyLBpRR5Tf0O8wSeQGdSllNbWc4sUpeKEeJmf1lzZkb97ezvNYzElS2m
weMeFtDkdu3NyWkJm5EFGwSEI4cs6hYoaq1TJSwaAYBThYHKzuEusrFYWpsaQP-2FU5ls-2F
woLKn7G1zqIPO8fKZTlf8t183Ujt2wMIAD2sqQ-3D-3D> 	 
Both myPlex and Plex Media Server get a boost
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOYyP1wZU6DPCRc577WK6un6c5j6s7GahFURzC219eeIZTCuOlRifmQsQdNkRG0
3ZqPqksAIftRo53491XGZvoRFlje-2F7IJxSjVAMt6CRKSTFrXCF09K64iMSJ-2BK7YqETl5
YQCFJrMPHR2PSU9y9Pl-2B8GSWsmlKHNAkmExVrx0jQRw-3D-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2F
WcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTlKx
yW-2BLHsCDk8BhW0Dx52x4ZGpC1gBlGBtPZByo9tZm7LloYv-2Fb9US79Ig2TFHd62HIsEW3
tH-2BTLZvepHS1IoIiW9gweyEpqAs6q2SutaY06w7gt3xEKnjDZZdzbgnLhwYOveUtzflarA
UZkj4leRggNoWQ4BWpbr0LOBF-2FC30Rba-2Fyx-2FvqviJEzrY1wbXPpxTWjX9qOOLd3CZq
cTC0jPC-2Ff6m2eAHimQz1NSFchvIcJXfhOz7RldYiX1e4D-2B4skfAgG7itfGCJAfCucg2Z
mkaMZ4PZRlN-2Bwkknt-2Bg51txOBkVWMUi89NFWJxRjN0oVUg-3D-3D>  

We've made your queue and recommendations load up to 10 times faster.
We've also greatly sped up scanning media into your library. The quicker
it gets into your library, the quicker you can enjoy it across all your
Plex apps, right? Movies, TV, music and photos all scan at least three
times faster, and scanning has also been made more reliable. So, if it
feels like someone pressed turbo on your Plex, that's because we did.

 	 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOY5O3uWZ38JOS1bNSd8St-2BZOv9oBtZj4bT9xDQ3tYUVCsbCPAZxlwfSYDWUY
FVRLL8I9soJLuaYcYDgE9kJnhX-2Fi-2BrZ-2FSVLDnQHWJJQiFsyIU64FQbg-2B8-2FScWm
qlX0eKbITr2PPjT6-2F5nc4d0hAnqFVoe7oTj0F4z-2B5PD56aKnzadSKZ1y2y4u8KXTMs2E
OXf0-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2B
MA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuToRcUTBChJMdKxWwRvIJiclu639POlFtGwdN-2BXj9YaYufY
hk-2FeZMVmUPCb077gRPl4mS9LmJOY34mijMD0ym1ynVBzR2XDCqaQSsAmlIdVGL15hN6F-2
BfjF8CaE84W-2B-2BvQ8I9GcUEL-2BCDukXXmi2x-2BughhU-2FXC1KKKEZYrXgL3GsRPE7o
Yd9jjlXP5-2B1iBhH1BQt0JXzrFKrsTdzCM4aMKXe3w9CDye1ZMuLp4wMK8Up3mylejs1TXc
UuAtjICdZmzQ7GkdDEOq-2BfJ2RNFYrl2bGLNMW9-2FYmCVyVmKHWdntHSf4FasR3sqVR7CG
E0-2Bne59Q-3D-3D> 	  	 
The new bookmarklet: Save, Recommend, Fling!
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOY5O3uWZ38JOS1bNSd8St-2BZOv9oBtZj4bT9xDQ3tYUVCsbCPAZxlwfSYDWUY
FVRLL8I9soJLuaYcYDgE9kJnhX-2Fi-2BrZ-2FSVLDnQHWJJQiFsyIU64FQbg-2B8-2FScWm
qlX0eKbIKPClRuGSZxr2ox6sgqrSFq-2FuORro1FMqoSSzWz9N9vIp-2Fo-2FIOajuKfqXqD
sN1c4s-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-
2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTt-2FOh1z10gokE5K3l9H7V5vNR-2Bi7Qv866FvBaGwLlO
I7b2jwQySuQA-2F13B-2Fm8LaS-2BavTgnWbzauDGQkuvnc6G93ZZuitfnZaTLh7Kr1THkrk
ANBd-2Bdn7hnUZNRSRwXI-2Bg3I-2FvX4LLumONgW1KITM9pQkgItEo4zYA9VaYl8KbWRg9v
J2hY-2B3IVYBeJSdeGjPNXnQS6RoUpSpUIZqTYiOTot44nLvMjx1A3P0EEwiJCm7RynLX8Hz
zzrLqlKcX7keOFBhHBOH0Hf2ElO2RmQpBsWh56f8WU1hkmmEQQRNzk1g0GBeJbR5jxGXS9gh
H7XeYA-3D-3D>  

The Plex bookmarklet
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOY5O3uWZ38JOS1bNSd8St-2BZOv9oBtZj4bT9xDQ3tYUVCsbCPAZxlwfSYDWUY
FVRLL8I9soJLuaYcYDgE9kJnhX-2Fi-2BrZ-2FSVLDnQHWJJQiFsyIU64FQbg-2B8-2FScWm
qlX0eKbKHZOJV776VLXzP3l8mRCKSlPZPOjopR3S3WsZR21yKxynQGQ4qdWBzHXLxH7D-2By
Bc-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA
4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTgighKwLGKnNoo7sr66MssBbdGkzCcOoM9xbTeSbCdAPUXtzu9
kiIWFffhgjxr2KSqg-2BubYTg3Qj-2FZSwoODBkdlO81wLVbO3WaF7MF5Idcg9sOcifvvLvY
1iJpI8wcGI8SGm4VZ1ByS9JUDVvQH6skBb2dooGqkPHX-2F-2BRq-2FHgF4g1N5WRFCq3ZL-
2FwZSLxbDGragX8cEPRYsRX5FITuza21Yx3nfpnBf6fA3jmuEVI-2B39qAvYxArg0r-2F1O0
tI8-2Ba4dKdHLiEbEGhJtoeaKkqkd2pdY6m2Yg1vsho-2FdiM5kadf2hzDMDyeW-2FyhuFMK
5D9VYA-3D-3D>  lets you save videos from your favorite online sites to
queue up for later viewing on Plex. We've made huge improvements
including a streamlined look and feel and an easier way to recommend
videos to friends. Now you can also find a video you like on your laptop
and watch instantly on your Plex-connected TV. 

Simply add the "Plex It" button to your browser
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=ejCSBDxrPk-2FIIrTMLiTJEre1R8swioQ
wgbBzhGFJmn9vx7Wh7TEe6LGdttX8qModQ6dhvQ3pe-2BO-2BpITJMz2trIO-2BUuFVtF9jq
pYhpzdoMoYlPZo6vXYOJlOTSPWmBFxHmM3BYsFcZszCXppPBpkC5-2BkT2cwSksMtvgldQiC
eH1M3EFKdUtdSCuZ5xjK9rG4Y_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAow
S465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTt-2BhInR-2BrYVIeogtetQh7QRRAF
mKNAxiamO47d61dRoiRjZjhtDqafJYyW5Bp-2FSg62EbtPvrlWsa7L9ns4TmT-2FNwNyjOLZ
7woquDWQW-2FAv67-2FK7dzGO6Cv0KxzzSFUnjKg4pc7hxGNUcL18nuQJLrTpACQWue5r3cV
en-2FpC9BTfW5kTCOkqovEvqsBMSp7NvwxJCH4XO98WRkfC-2B2jO6cRwWkkEPBAoxooIuka
J9oQ9xCKrmKuq1XD54AjPObfK2XxxCQJpjIb1ezUMIjzFpDsB50h-2BPrNbKelEE7TfAyduL
4EjDbCt68hJwNWfEjWqpPg-3D-3D>  and start flinging.

 	 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=ejCSBDxrPk-2FIIrTMLiTJEsItp8U-2BU
kIgJ68ZAnscYmWFCd7uYPUD5Sy9aNJB3WBAgqt80kaVoo-2BQE1LryUFiJdJxCPK8ihEpUCT
ohofg-2B0nZFCR2Q2MlvvFxsM9q1DdSJV6iRKpIBpRqLjv3uFmphmcY7IxptseB-2Bytbs2G
gMNVu-2FbNq7lVC82VMXXGRCEwj_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tA
owS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTsKasWbXFU6iNNdWYnFI05JaARhc
hSH5AuynBwL3phsEhlZn4l8jMhS8-2BdrNU11eDzU4Kop-2Fri-2FCJJx25EXCUi7fRkg5DI
ynQ42G46A4jhi3STivXQOuIhZkuijjkmxnsALRZ9Ij9ptTpzHLGJ-2FL3z6-2BfthjKsz-2F
sL3mSLs21RshzcpLJsE-2Bun6VkBrgaJl1sRD4G4dXTIOH-2FAejlnGUpwhLBhYBkvmBS7oF
UA4uxeQGokgTIp9Kph-2B8PNVLJ4an8ZHOAzLYdRBkzyvz8eLuUUCFKqwsxT8il9RzFpYYQ8
4vhFWiYIFb-2B6EyDQkIlG6LhA-3D-3D> 	 
Plex Pass
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=ejCSBDxrPk-2FIIrTMLiTJEsItp8U-2BU
kIgJ68ZAnscYmWFCd7uYPUD5Sy9aNJB3WBAgqt80kaVoo-2BQE1LryUFiJdJxCPK8ihEpUCT
ohofg-2B0nZFCR2Q2MlvvFxsM9q1DdSXMO7iUAzDAW3iN53a4zk89h5RBArncnCHMO9EA2IF
XN7n8zqK8X9Nm1csfxS8Bd4_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS4
65oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTqaVjdzQ6ZeW9ZEXblmHMZTAev4rfvjK
Usi6fVB0ESb9nxc5Hv53nmtpohmm7zW-2Ba4qBCO3WAxKewkBfDD9rtF-2FzS7Gc5BQLH0R9
y3I-2FAkz49OXZnz68o7n-2BbqnRUI7eY8UMzG46pKoPytw-2Blh3RMG-2F-2BvNK4zAWGzo
3vLH7L2Q2FzUL5ByExve0FwVrZ6dhVYP8IfxyFm1V8yv-2BzYmhQg8ptSUV3N2Za80jHbDv7
jPSg3zu65beiOCM5mnwVt5BlVeK7RFePbTNvHLRuyyD-2FN-2FQvsZVqY89ulQtZHzUi6ZUw
N4xkRwkwg7ouc5KnfjoCpg-3D-3D>  

A Plex Pass subscription
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=ejCSBDxrPk-2FIIrTMLiTJEsItp8U-2BU
kIgJ68ZAnscYmUX8aWH7bz5pa6AEmtJNuGervvUGlpNzsvj9Ez3hnlWobnzD8NQOmq95cP7m
c9x8ZWVhx3aZdZXnSN1SLmDOS4pCW1GSpS3nrs9XxxsTxHvSBY5bhmiD9-2FiMqEIRbZjDXv
ILmmJ6HNUGto5AZuYD9A4_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465
oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTkUs9PHa4xUDxjemRt53iA2spTeUVlZvNG
JltHxMI4vzP-2B-2BSVEvJ0xSFW7c25ORqypdyrOhWZKH7d9kAKw1ffv998r546dCmAuR7-2
Fsli2Y3zshoA8bSfbYImTQp-2FWdpL88mZTvSi-2B2-2B2GM9JzFrIiNJnv0iw7Ygws9-2FI
zsRdsBcYpqBoNh0SXvhP86RX1lEB7uQ5zL3Qt3uqIwlAdVKxUAwQ4JNIvDeREGUbw7Q3cw-2
FNQOjmdZWePbN4rmLz9ZAr8f-2F0Oj1ImxybfDbQPZCdxbyk9-2B-2FS3pz9BSQk45HPP5MZ
Yazlq5fnD8i2f-2BaJUwNU5Q-3D-3D>  gets you more of the good stuff and
fuels our development. You can enjoy access to new features like Cloud
Sync along with upgrades to existing ones like Plex Home Theater.

Learn more and get your Plex Pass here.
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=ejCSBDxrPk-2FIIrTMLiTJEsItp8U-2BU
kIgJ68ZAnscYmUX8aWH7bz5pa6AEmtJNuGervvUGlpNzsvj9Ez3hnlWobnzD8NQOmq95cP7m
c9x8ZWVhx3aZdZXnSN1SLmDOS4p9v1BmcVnUviA98A2aIuDODgR8EMkEOPHcT5jivfVQaY2r
f2FMdm7ivFJz-2FL8HMp0_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465
oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTmALZX9xfdVMN-2FmcjV-2FzNHqrNV7APQ
AVs7GjqvhU7fL60-2BpBLb7oayxdUOOXAqqhZQB-2FKHx0NYa09Jck0eJG5TWFJSakF4D3Yc
KAP4bT-2FMCQROWVy-2Fdxme6576XAZ4VX3m9J4DgGWPDQrAKj0n9AeKhA91IwCTHRvTHRPx
sjVLG2nW6-2BDKPXFnm-2B91g-2Br4rxgMzCw-2FRTMwfpZm78-2BXom2uO8Ksg06IaB2V0I
HVScRPDJ-2FLabqxOpZVhzsoIrAKO0PKoCAR7pXCaogUnEbU-2Fl8-2FP-2FaGfTgLhz-2FL
c604WvvYBchlTkBsHDSf27qIL5cKOKCw-3D-3D> 

 	 
 	 Get the most out of Plex 
 	 
Sync with your favorite shows 

Plex Sync lets you save your media on your iOS and Android devices. If
you're following a TV series, there's an easy way to make sure you
always have the next episodes ready for watching. Simply sync each TV
show, select the "unwatched" option, and pick the number of episodes
you'd like to have available offline. That way, no matter where you're
watching the show, Plex will keep you entertained. Plex Sync is another
great reason to sign up for Plex Pass
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=ejCSBDxrPk-2FIIrTMLiTJEsItp8U-2BU
kIgJ68ZAnscYmUX8aWH7bz5pa6AEmtJNuGervvUGlpNzsvj9Ez3hnlWobnzD8NQOmq95cP7m
c9x8ZWVhx3aZdZXnSN1SLmDOS4pUe01IQ4PFiH11BDba5ZqRqOcsQn-2BcjNh1R1a7dS5YUy
nbKjH3FXE0V0E0uXTrBLv_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465
oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTmHo4ZZYvIHvI0sNf6VTdWwCXZOQYsyZr-
2Bs-2ByvP13EjNg4jMCNsSPb-2BF2XWQvUZ8k9AgJNgoo-2BMf0mNvTh2KOgFc5iw4MFi8IM
Z7gC7c7o0yuix4S8yQNj3GQkVYKzHzle3osc3C9f-2B-2F0WyEM-2FRptQWL4XwUOWDq0Pqr
WVbVN6KN0usZFDhGWNNBY8yCKUHLU89vIdllH65ispL71l9OBHk02qqXiGsNZMM7u9PM-2Fj
FdusBXnUvPmk4COzNQ7xWzSKaJGGCw9CfAyDXlD8fbI3KrUm4VMm5UrsG-2BwGAWBmWClhQj
I4XAdeFQsgxRe-2FaF8g-3D-3D> .

Use your phone as a server at your friend's house 

Did you know you can play your synced content (if you have a Plex Pass)
and view content from your iOS photo albums (even if you don't have a
Plex Pass) on any other Plex app? It's true! You can go over to a
friend's house, and your iOS or Android device will show up as a Plex
server, so you can browse and play synced content on their Roku, Google
TV, Plex for Home Theater, Plex for Android or even another iOS device.

Adjusting video streaming quality 

When streaming to your mobile devices over WiFi or cellular, the amount
of bandwidth varies widely. Even as you walk around your house, the
signal level varies, which can affect the speed of data to your device.
If your video is pausing or buffering, it's probably time to lower the
quality. On Android you can do this right in the player, simply tap the
settings icon and adjust the quality. On other Plex apps there are
quality settings in the preferences area you can adjust.

 	 
 	 What people are saying about us 
 	 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4ghQsvLZnS6RB
Ec-2F5YEjlNdbMNzspGHJVavrUrNjEb6q_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYY
c877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTrO8eNX1pB-2FK9pQz7Xp0
EGbSneAalLxC2JyegWfvhzwaZFq-2Ba54ecAu8uNUPkTQgQwAO0tQj1mdSSTsWmSDKV6P9EJ
FIwQpAE0f45wYqTrDYGnMuIbjY-2Br2JNKDSN4fiQWcWqP0iGPmSdowpEwkUMC1sRmhE5cB6
ljHnOm2S-2F40uyqyCsLeit3uVCI1roTKugn5BNIKy0Sr0UjzAVqxvb41LnbdW-2BXul8aeN
eRZ2cLjQ04ITcoZyxJdS0buo4AQ2V8lIT4SJ-2B6f29ow09a4kKaJbpZ-2FpOueVb29nKAOP
HG8vWunoRZY5m9MdJS9fw9Ktjg-3D-3D> 	
 
<http://static.sendgrid.com/uploads/UID_475774_NL_2081755_902a4116396d21
7098defef3ea3f4328/f285ffa9a419c6f269743a84a677f750> Jon Olsen@burnunit
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4ghQsvLZnS6RB
Ec-2F5YEjlNdbMNzspGHJVavrUrNjEb6q_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYY
c877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTvDkd4UD7ZmHKsrZxKxBa6
3kA6leLjil9waG98h3DfM4rNRseBzds1T0958jgfxYu7-2FLln4k58PYRgfX-2FdMVy5dMKD
kuw9OEAG7pIKUXcUvDq0vlVxLNQ-2BU7uJsYG8EavtYXztgZ6WbeFoAx3bHyYQSoUBjaRw0H
nkrcEiZng4bMU0Rk7tS6DLvViTylYT14680nJLZxAIAph4soYTm-2Brbqc91nkDnMyQytmOP
egGxPA8fapisl3H2i9-2FR4joDFymUEgKKYxHFMxGaiiSKBKu5U6cALRDhLf73M-2Fs2NX7h
TucANJ0stEWYSrZHrfmIvnaw-3D-3D>  
"I've just liberated my media across time and space with Plex Media
Server. I am become SHIVA THE SHATTERER OF WORLDS!" 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4l9zGR34dQ1id
XpwwgIDT-2F0wJIssACw7Cse-2BbsLUecMH_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDL
YYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTvI1MwZfjQpkkXKG23i0
lf0FJlFrexEpqCOBJQYKxW4oX8xjHlxDBOmXDQ1dcZQLiPdDECBYV7lAU6v33lM5Mv6dutg7
06IebUbi8pxce4s0-2FJ57IbUlPOO0cNiim7eE4kHsgAFipEj6KtAT6Zj1rM24qYGyyqOUwx
UlUzt-2FBCdCnhKrtFS4-2FEoblxZM-2BqRZSABEPq96qujbWX-2B-2BJzIACsKme8uLmJoS
tbq8ywkypUbrF1Pl6nUU6VXcPWEYRjU1hD-2FfS7fenU-2F3QYgvnKB4d0aIGPxW8bOcjvq7
TwcmPkM9tScKWqeshsNOIr-2BHXLmcGg-3D-3D> 	
 
<http://static.sendgrid.com/uploads/UID_475774_NL_2081755_902a4116396d21
7098defef3ea3f4328/f285ffa9a419c6f269743a84a677f750> Tom@tomlagona
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4l9zGR34dQ1id
XpwwgIDT-2F0wJIssACw7Cse-2BbsLUecMH_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDL
YYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTs0olDdybE8yBWf4OiAY
6pOU1iLw6xwbtthmsTGD8RecT3uhh-2BDSADYUJQK9BI8DS-2Bys944R02iiBQajEh0f-2Bd
FlJVQLs6NMRuSLx3NVcKnwcZKLYhuvMtGnwxcJawNDRC8LVZF9eKMGNigR33dowCkk-2Bz83
J2yuqAHgWMFJX2PyOb7HUFMEt7GLA4v5As01G3RbELtOdq0uoROThCmbOvVwzv6m821uxc3X
Q1EgBQzjfjNT6FH8my5qymkTOEnOWXUJSLAQw0p-2BP6kwIrq9NcH4G04QCNUq6N2wBllpip
gvC-2F0uSjsuyFZzNDoRnSGEgw-3D-3D>  
"This is getting better and better! I love the Android app and being
able to share media! Can't believe i just learned about this." 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4vJgCxUjZVtKs
e8vmlHdFclSDkcPFZLHsGLuTw9LvHVX_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc8
77tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTnTVKr-2BYg-2BLEDxB9qKpZ
Tqks5i9qrxcY1-2BiLh1OxXxgUAO2hhzT8cf93xd5NyMuO0lRW145nurs0C6CM3zhb5ZoMjp
90zG-2BRFCClegcgFv2141kIzcX09Ti6f6PZS24vJW8fYJbyE5uYu0trPzLCxGPDKI5vnpr1
4-2BEyxINLjSVpYMqOT54mABOsk3pGxaL2QgWbFhg9VXFu8BJ7InBnoJ6itQxNbO3kEHjmgI
OI8TT0N-2FuN-2BXc2tpbOS-2FLtIJ1j6S6b6QIi78kHaxJLJGs-2B2XfsfkS1IlAj3OzVjj
FswGzvlPggJRsSydzmTvGEuWK9TA-3D-3D> 	
 
<http://static.sendgrid.com/uploads/UID_475774_NL_2081755_902a4116396d21
7098defef3ea3f4328/f285ffa9a419c6f269743a84a677f750> Patrick M@whak
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4vJgCxUjZVtKs
e8vmlHdFclSDkcPFZLHsGLuTw9LvHVX_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc8
77tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTjVXIIiTey1uKz1I9yIGoGVG
hVqK1A5LTBs4CUNeWjuybs-2BS9Krj-2FgJIbmwP2tMdxesq5G-2FjXGzHczxtDQsc5sFx54
7jEORrUflbBzgMqb1XXjPnCNyr1gWGvR78-2BWNstam7WZscXNoQzgJE24kKXH5xMH3ZgMKK
o-2FgGOyZWirT9OOD6eSVqWubCYPTvSU1JVaDPoGj7iuk2Ve7BLNMi33FKGlOL5trfqETMgx
3MEHKQ3b1Jyn-2BH33SpLIossWIBBtnTPW244Rf4T7Hxj1WIBZaDu1tPP2g2Xx6uHLOF9Uuz
ZHCCMVnBaXUUdJTFsfB7dA-3D-3D>  
"Whoa. Just discovered Plex. I think it's time to build that home
theatre streaming media server. Cause winter's almost here, y'all." 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4jao-2BZkIhp8
1vQirKlaXPSa3BzaWhNbiThx4jS-2FJZ7Ds_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDL
YYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTupewZod8HExlrE2NMyB
7XEzko5-2F-2FsQGHMVnu3tNzSMB-2F3Y05SPNqx168QLO1Len5-2FWKWthUqGl6EaY7tHHC
F-2FP7yKftSHnYHIS-2FZa-2FRq-2BHBjshpzC5-2BiCgXN1028vVtKM8-2BhWX0ja-2FIMT
L-2BVhSCyWle4SGsvJtaNHxNf8f2eIENVbMHL4UFAUHYLG2siOB2GDkhu325npD7936OE-2B
rGuhV6PilGbZks1QHm49P3Kc6-2F4SeLLWg9B9m6HJ5LkoVvM1mUnKw3Ohbtmt6yZpl8iv-2
B4Q4gy-2F5fnpeUv1TtZU9Ywi7N0TfJ587hUF87uIL-2Fkmg-3D-3D> 	
 
<http://static.sendgrid.com/uploads/UID_475774_NL_2081755_902a4116396d21
7098defef3ea3f4328/f285ffa9a419c6f269743a84a677f750> Alegeek@Thealegeek
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4jao-2BZkIhp8
1vQirKlaXPSa3BzaWhNbiThx4jS-2FJZ7Ds_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDL
YYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTvrMbU5J4cWGQsInEPu1
r1x44B6qhomA3E0KyRTSFyVEM3F1riPNkXx78APF-2Fk3IVwYQZa8d6YfW27J7q1-2FS9jC3
g7sGylLJimGav6SK9wG5S7BFcsf2Jk-2BVo0QOqb5ePo0M-2FJTyFfxzI9zLaJRp-2FAjW4r
hhLReWXo474LAz6syqT5DWmuFUOtMJ8xTTKNh5-2BTxJ-2BADTwiE9Bc32A24uYbGW79YgaX
qTZxSXVc85W7hCoiDF5Vn5g1hVwH5g4qWYkyKMaZHGs5iC7stZPF57aSy8XONwiS33RTWUlw
-2BqC-2B2CIDdxxkg1oZrYKAURRXehwA-3D-3D>  
"Upgraded to 0.9.8.8, that was nice and easy :) The PlexPass is
certainly worth the investment." 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4hnLXM-2Fz2Qh
riZ3aXihHo0Pho-2BTykPh8hq6so-2Be5yJ-2Fl_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2n
HPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTkDwW0cM3BRAbfln
TbT6aw2mdHEGvwTDRD0RCEogGV7TAM2Wdu5mc0QJ2G3HnnjF8PdoD6csiHVtdFAWJTzPIWIJ
a-2B-2BAOZNRJ97DPSAie5MwDb5Tn5AUKU-2Foutq-2FZA-2B-2FNIcs5hvyJGYFWN7QTGpq
yvizBzsuFp2-2BlRtTzyhSl0CxO7lP1v3LwgjTiHtHUx3domFUFU9Cnn-2Bo5lV1OZPS-2FN
7BB2YE3njhXgycl9mejXeDVoTcQpo4uNH2jsEnehuKajS16GJsAm5nbIQIPem16WxQWc0qnD
QmlG7skBsxHj0pbZR-2Bc3frm1U-2BCB-2BWxokfGA-3D-3D> 	
 
<http://static.sendgrid.com/uploads/UID_475774_NL_2081755_902a4116396d21
7098defef3ea3f4328/a15a9512c5d6e3237b7c03548fde3f19> Adam
Magnani@OWoboros
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4hnLXM-2Fz2Qh
riZ3aXihHo0Pho-2BTykPh8hq6so-2Be5yJ-2Fl_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2n
HPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTqB1czt8OSOXUZlC
Hum2-2B0HsQvb7e-2FehYzgP3n3-2FHTS36QlVGnwOqxoKAgc-2B-2Fj0IJzyr-2BTn94KH9
A5fDJDFZggKYYvYVOiFEyEUBOiYLIOdWrYRSD3zoh-2FkOEpYIvf1Udr5tLFRNQsAv-2FKnl
b0oddDvHax0zaPs12PqD6TU3X3vdeRh4VZpZerTveh8PAY3Unvr-2FXDy7ISWUlJujgseO88
oOtPj59RB6DW6HCo-2BrfWNvKW8lkpDdRh1qR-2Bs0oYtRITLNFzA-2BzHaS0f-2B-2BnRGF
dq6gdBucIfgmtzXcg0NqUr0-2BRuG8VTxLkDFWNRlFgA0iuQ-3D-3D>  
"I love you guys. PLEX makes me and my very spread out family so happy.
I can't thank you enough. I've bought my lifetime PlexPass and i can't
wait to see what get's baked in next." 
 	 
 	 Join the conversation 
 	 

We thrive on your feedback and what we build is driven by your input, so
join us. Follow us on Twitter
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=rJaioOyUphBD2OEoq8NcWihu7HYESXcZW
ukc1r66lXnEexhi4pMdqs0iVc-2BT8nR9_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYY
c877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTv-2B7PxYkycXUXPqYyMq2
F8dnbq7TAFx5-2FNitmmMIzqmpCtzXrppU-2BSATshSpz0sxNaAJr04u-2FHX1CbmEy-2Fyx
dgp8LPtZyFIdC59wGZGpRMha60yU5T1EUjZvYZVcADeMi5FZ1SlvqOVW1mqFuwhxiMWYwqtz
TX-2FG-2FEROQash707gkxxHW3AMVTjKXtv9-2FYZfICmb4heaJvbOYvGrLPcfcXS86WvabN
Fy-2BPUUIP-2F18K0W-2FrJhsllJt7OZUQDxKaUgUYdPlV4nykMEJyKM9j6u-2FxZGOV2ACs
mOYhOVtzlwh3Vs4T3gMWc0fr2LEf4tGQOd3A-3D-3D>  and Facebook
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=KSq-2Fh2G1t3MxflcaP4SZY3TuS98duXm
2hk81ZxFNOb9vRH1ZBOn1QPJIw0ox-2F3Gk_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDL
YYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTptk-2FJGqu4nLAOPwop
xe8DmKPJM3V1VYARqfJfVJ2mE9RXAuxNiPe1SKuAYOGAGmKwXlSV-2FbIj34w9BHGxDMMgvS
kXFMA4FrBvs5Z1E0DXftd4xchimnCsuydRnRKQnfT77YPvzeMq7d9vnqObbD-2FOAFUYG9wd
F2Qz9XepvhCzxMa3iKVFnQFT2w5-2BoB-2FSkOkehREkyRIRmy4V5jud2msRWHz7I-2BX46H
Yn-2B5mk5qIPYe8-2BNBNTQ65e4RrdUhZm7aZ5-2FO2nfvRI1fT5v4W09hyEiqL9UZkmhGfH
ew8WHyAfykda9S78-2Fe0SNRZdcas9qI-2Bg-3D-3D> . Contribute to the forum
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0a4lWH0al0nxXUhbViBwHc6pd9B3TllbI
lf84EdhmqDjAOE4mrAp6Yx6pJRlvOySG4ctvfnzaiVatKEwVFFrySnJXVx3cOJeAKAGjystQ
-2BASgggI4UpAQ-2FyuGnV00k7wHN6X3TuWubMw3cWWuhDrDu5SmAcZ2ZgQTEFne2Bzru0-3
D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4Rkd
B0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTho17amlvPs6BNd-2BVOVzH3bgzSLA0lHW8Bs2ITESS5og48-2B9Py
GKsbQdwDAjqNG759rihPsDs4mtwfQkqG9EPdcBG1dFsQEEZ-2FHRT-2Fo-2FPB0TWN1JhOZG
kNIT0KfGTAx6QvXWqVerPH-2BHB7AxKEFIi6hfr0OdJoJUoqVDtkNgaYE5J4PBJSXJIwRnYg
7mgpUC9r3nxXCKp5BuTd5p0SeAAKNNURn4KsIq-2BQyAWn37OXl6dH3nuM1TcpxcYvIlr6We
52wrj2iS4CB122nnMaeuA01C6Y-2B1IpMEhpqtJUKiBO1kKAGcd1U-2BkcsnbR3KXIIG3A-3
D-3D> . Read the blog
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvh92sepj-2FUlm
urVlbxioyKVX2oedgt41ZOAxjXN7GOYsuw3ccG1NAHqlBALbfR8E2DCxP61cBdu4MJjISDto
vPXIZncS2iJMWpgZ7nVT7uqWbYyYTopEdzKKl8nGuVfG56wYPbINB0srR-2FU43x11mnPM-3
D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4Rkd
B0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTpzUdJBVD0Wnse3UwUIEGFTzBY8Tcjjb1o5CBumZCPSjvh-2BlztHJ
-2Fas9iqEx37exOmzRZ-2BfdWhq8G5WLCg9UHsKeSqc9CfxNA-2BhZoB4pBltyxkgziExhIQ
gqtvtAb6lvZe-2FoyUBp7uVmnvPzLrF-2F8vIsHJ0-2FEaHXHFmqOiK-2B2LVCZpjzir8Yqf
KxRESctWUuBYzHqf6RPq2i81As854jbF4xZS3FbsoBkmYCaUlTUevOCPGz7km3js490lbTLr
QmbpZtlJcXdwLeYt-2FA2w4ngxL3IFgfGvwEy3a8vMtiaTRgB5Un5yRqUrOtolcrurpTzw-3
D-3D>  and leave your comments. This social media thing might be
catching on after all.

 	 
 	 Plex runs on 
 	 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0vW9Gqz0nluDUwc8GEUjn3J9G2HQ12AVU
PWVTP6MnBl8gcf1hem6YsL4Ko-2Fsuojkkfbq2I8sO3WQqe9SHc0v86nyxYvVh-2FPDXKRkU
ixTbajKKTl5CEQRT5dNOStSU2HCG49fi4CqZbv-2BEWx4lHg6iwdW-2Fi02hC00QmTYk2ZaE
GI-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA
4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTh6ryshPy4YbdtYIMD16I0MGeEvklQ-2BTVroglKYZ-2FivXzV
hxurZet2SJ6ig2ZEOdtPzBLacsjjwFcD5oka0OSihiVq0srlDBem4bkMcu1ZCDEWvwA65XrP
bX02rKw8VXDEVNKkVi7lXjotHy-2F85wUnCWzr-2BqPFcuM-2F5E7fG2G6SduyD7vPuyAC1N
ERRDdybB2O5KqGe48doM0XHDZPr7K1tBGOXCfbnJudizrWtR5-2Fc5Zdn5lNUQZxUsvKALrU
x9WfOK-2Bobw5xCi7PXR9A1leXkVPkroGM3pfom-2FAl-2BZv6RYC-2F0a0pV1sXKgiG0V7R
Y-2F5A-3D-3D>  	
 	 
 	 ...and is fueled by Barkley 
 	 
 
<http://static.sendgrid.com/uploads/UID_475774_NL_2255525_17df4b30db08db
a3fc588b71dc1615a4/a25f24532f5bb30a921d7243c37a8099> 	
	
You have received this email because you have subscribed to Plex
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0vW9Gqz0nluDUwc8GEUjn3J9G2HQ12AVU
PWVTP6MnBl8gcf1hem6YsL4Ko-2Fsuojkkfbq2I8sO3WQqe9SHc0v86nyxYvVh-2FPDXKRkU
ixTbaim0pT3ek-2F398WgJM62poGbf9zjPyvSXYvtZpxOt6DjyIqVY6hrevm-2F0VjR2wuu3
nI-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA
4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTqU91IvMhiuPvmrSBxQabRPw8KHEBTEtHIcNiSqS-2FZ2v100J
MoIiobwmwUHGSlLY689Clud9wGpZtB-2F-2FIQocSb5Us6t1xaD07T-2BdJ08J6Kjg5GYb6f
Bm0qDtv6ZgDmEdjNJHKk4n8upVdktUEN8Wxa0OiIZjD4bkXUivw3kiTy8uvHgUVPGzD0eIjc
XOewd9iGHoUfUh4Yl7cLlyF4d37Snt6tyjyEpFzMsuwV1lnk7TKKNI2-2BdJPyJ9XUgFw-2B
ZeyCB5U8pXjUmhDmnMAFJoWIlj-2FHinR3xzLUuPQoyKKgYWM2MUHWUXDb3BBBjIQ19Mpw-3
D-3D> . If you no longer wish to receive emails please unsubscribe
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/unsubscribe?upn=rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOA
oqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTvLmHJxG7E-
2F8F1a-2BV48goSPFJV515kvSgXvr-2BuaS3xHihkKlZYZGI8iD-2Bgz-2B0l8L7-2FkwZPG
idpYNtG7nCQ9oO5vL0NYmlk3vT6irF0DjU9IGPEfvNIRg-2FzfkcXNlMZHlqOJ3PlP37fTae
qL3QjpndyiTbXZH2TDcAX8RUVWkbjmzns-2FzLOn-2BwmD5hwkMgb5h3AFaBsfGfIwFc8ZUj
1pt5DSqulPkSLSb-2FvGH-2FK-2FLbam09TyWaTg2t-2BR8Oa1jAZO6-2Filx6MhhJcwvo-2
B0JX4n7GoLjahXdhaX9Q9qcO05NInpq3bg2GLWosmlbxDxCwn2m0Q-3D-3D>  
© 2013 Plex, Inc. All rights reserved 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4hnLXM-2Fz2Qh
riZ3aXihHo0M-2BPUdjUGH4CvGDVULiUxqJ_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDL
YYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTqiiGRry26Ba5yMZpzHr
wxy3rf8JC5EoqAAeeRQ0TQnnsY3cV7Bnb0ejPOPMw18B4ns3Kussq13FPd0cJCMSNoy7nILB
RD2QkOEutfq4IfwXeOhqHzSGLtoII-2FbP9x4AfuINYix8C9k3bXbjGE-2FvDjr0gCvSCiVf
20m-2BEe4L-2FjRByBIDZjOpOjBRDoAWogoN-2ByzGAxt7Lwt6Go8Zj9gRBxQAuPpwyxPNYI
q8Hc2pIjXrw6TjV3zxWFHA-2BcfFE1GW9l-2FPMj5pbPBTY1gNlJ-2FIjIqDu2ZOIh2vArSn
fZoUZ3o8t2eYzvqF8QpvWU67oXGtdg-3D-3D>
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4q394k6-2FbKd
yvMUgpCrC2VhVJojV69aGhvhE4aUYHPfb_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYY
c877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTlTllA-2F4hUJLhXCklFMm
-2BKtKgjNihk3io-2Bj-2FfLco2cJrKFDZau3gr8TkPcTHzgeqvM2RkcA5IzIMokInKV75bm
ZJgBZbftQ9HOWON8f6-2FOBc7vHJZGBzJDc3dvQsxbT1LnkVDb7Gzobua31KjBha0gkRZ3wk
bqRNCbEle1xE812KIseRn570epWt62AvMSfejbdWgiMUos9YZYEIjELPSqj6Ynt63bH8iOyH
93fXs0WXQv2kU3SU8IAhKFqaqn9Yuz4j4pnsHkICSDl4LhdRaOzkLMFvQ6ctNrzhb-2BbSXc
Llrbz-2BUqU4EvbhEiNzMbFqAQ-3D-3D>
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0vW9Gqz0nluDUwc8GEUjn3J9G2HQ12AVU
PWVTP6MnBl8gcf1hem6YsL4Ko-2Fsuojkkfbq2I8sO3WQqe9SHc0v86nyxYvVh-2FPDXKRkU
ixTbajMBgXmEUesWeQnVKp00gxIUa3a2fbF6M35Ocf-2BwyQNGUwvKHuhR2nU2kikWpHKss4
-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4R
kdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTrJBRfCsI0Ned2zzh-2FhhbeZ7tW2fgvPNlMNJ-2BmabG817H4ch
hIq-2Bk6jbgCo2TeJC7wqhCD4YiYBddL9rD-2F7-2FBgTUw2Y0ofXPrxy9Y5s2rAPcEcfvpc
h4PVFYX9ZplDF0Av18V6aeISubject: Plex Update: Introducing Cloud Sync
Body: Plex News - October 2013 
Your source for the latest news in the Plexverse! 
Trouble seeing something? view it online
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=r919yovET0liWEiak5Jqikj9SL7XKBVAw
YCcS9D8-2FWgAVVHz7dp-2But6IH3F8D-2FNBfKIxEy1cGmOwrxsOku6bzMuhaCUyhkb30D9
10mPBrX1Vmq0izCDzhVpjxm6nm6NBrsBBkWv7Ad3xs4bsxXdY9FUJ5QAz3l3oO02swX5cPsF
p17dNkEXuB0AJdnmc8md6iC-2BjBfG8XtX0j-2FjC2YG7IDMb-2BjMhtNcQXUVvMsuzevbSp
Mftx9n3kSJ1ERh9i07OjZIGKoJJEfDkJTCAODcyBf-2FcgljlYCgb0g9r-2FX7jiIM-3D_rk
wuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0Md
OmySUcSIuV8HjuTp3iEsZl8Aw1YQD6N7nxKe1j9YmD4n7m0jQiqba1bzUj5dlb7dl-2BfWHJ
vseYDZ1hKW73yPFeOMoTEJS4EzdCsukECZi992wYui-2FFaYg2nV7YsciqN5WPa-2BUl7dLB
En5tOMrQd-2BWjTi6PrwzDkhkIBy-2FCnkb3-2F4lv3CmJTGkD2Wp1M6LcOCmF4eSOnDJ3pb
T-2FohDELYY43nOovJljR-2BHG5P8lT-2FQwYzgpaH0Mt3Jap-2BtxrrGpCSxWx0nOoozpmT
0fpleiWeepnRsgkF-2B-2Febv-2FRv3Sx2o2iOW3WrUBXIfyIp7TBxPfbnMKq3nJa8Aifr3o
fw-3D-3D>  
 	 
 	 
Plex, Inc. 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=KSq-2Fh2G1t3MxflcaP4SZY3TuS98duXm
2hk81ZxFNOb9vRH1ZBOn1QPJIw0ox-2F3Gk_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDL
YYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTq2Eq2hBBoe3AtldRoT6
hq3XQUteC3vm32tNrzYnvqi5PK-2FRT-2FVRJoKIVv3cOwjBWa4hUpgfbaRcRcD-2BLik3gT
LrSMEnhUivQYKFxcWHD1TrdB1AZmZIhhzcY5d4uWQI-2FUdNqUI2ehov1dnMXQ9so9OC7xCE
hWRlkBYACmWulpd-2FpkZYkvGFlm7opNCc-2Bzkd46Erxz96F2aqqytB7tk0H9JECZpsNudc
Gdk10wqzVbhNTAlT2SXs6mHge9Dh0JcHBcNISAYQW33vnmTw0KdmEdQrn83tX2UEBiZdZkjC
bKJc2W-2FvV86HKSWw52fCiMWOMA-3D-3D>
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4q394k6-2FbKd
yvMUgpCrC2VhVJojV69aGhvhE4aUYHPfb_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYY
c877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuThcmmEPqmy8g0IwnJ2geix
nWIp9YZQbSO6pedvvEw4zC7OTtPvpFy6z6TY4Non-2F6yLZXN-2FDC2ipQQpPFHer3v-2BKp
HhGNAaUlHPHD4G9kH1ujF2Jxk6s5GZSVNNyfkIMBIfOoY1d5pInESGwJiv-2FMKFmZuNlFuO
btgauqgTtVFQYM94iy43qeUMks1resgF7ofAAdF8br-2Fw7yyaMnKZUJULmiZqxWHvm1Q8dy
QiaTGN2MORX4HAm2ZrBeLptgKlaZZIXzk-2BVtyLzMSW5HJJBxeGwaU3LymlDwUMFe3P-2FX
vRhGAC2pDkca-2F-2FG6tf-2BJIWsqNg-3D-3D>
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0vW9Gqz0nluDUwc8GEUjn3J9G2HQ12AVU
PWVTP6MnBl8gcf1hem6YsL4Ko-2Fsuojkkfbq2I8sO3WQqe9SHc0v86nyxYvVh-2FPDXKRkU
ixTbahaEvFWWFfW83UlGId2pSDS5URHpcMnqPxMDPvSUFRqs224YVx4WAowRx8EX737Wgo-3
D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4Rkd
B0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTln1N7ljqQr0uByvJ-2BOozXuTV1K77yp6Ggyb9FNccFBfIJJPeOR3
5YCmnt2u2eh-2B-2ByUrEL9SN9p4w4TeuW9ofiqAk9xC11PRG7qrQ4UAHrv-2FVe0t8-2BAF
5MYyDum-2FesscWAvlzJsJN-2FgXYgowS2mNMCUF8zwDoVYfJXMXQZDh1czvBTAbOdqMiuJQ
zdLowUfukGUp4CQWui0BB7zZYTEMllsZN20geG0w6GxUPZ-2Fx4takY1QXzDKKRMQ4jNUDPW
4uz5msHZZlBojWmbmAJqGr-2F0emcjAPSHtoEYmqINdqIEnpCfqnzHOYR4jYCoL9pnYXvA-3
D-3D>  
Newsletter October 2013 
 	 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0vW9Gqz0nluDUwc8GEUjn3J9G2HQ12AVU
PWVTP6MnBl8gcf1hem6YsL4Ko-2Fsuojkkfbq2I8sO3WQqe9SHc0v86nyxYvVh-2FPDXKRkU
ixTbag13GM4odi-2BhyP1lxN4Bo1tkDgm-2F2SFQwsYB5seEFAcD7UmMSm1dtFPJeklv9Yi-
2BWo-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2B
MA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTkeya9oT9k0mTvYs6H7dyK4T6WLO8K9fUy6QQoJaxBDfZIMj
-2Fd7ASrvW7WQbDFQA-2Fm8neYEtFid9NREIih9NRdBFpRdlc-2Fna12beSZ-2FU7hnNPLjv
gFLYAp2qHGzK6UB-2FnpgiNUitsdtdJi82IUGX3DNIJgn13MdE92snM3TNS9POyD5BZI87zp
v5E6p3YCBvcXw5m-2FCcwvZUa3Q6jGLrKnMKcr-2FjbN83Ph6Cjq7Z5FaOaTPDiOTn6ncXoH
NTSHNd7QtysS0OW47yJfcxWnC9pc2fc6xqQ6YFC-2F55amnvIJYRMKNmVQAW2b-2FPx-2B2D
-2FlKlfQ-3D-3D> 	 
 	 Enhancements everywhere 
 	 

We're always striving to improve your Plex experience, and you've told
us you want to keep up to date. We're glad you did. We've been working
on a number of enhancements and launching new features we know you'll
love. Plus we've added some great tips in this newsletter to help you
get the most out of Plex.

 	 
 	 What we've been doing 
 	 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOYyP1wZU6DPCRc577WK6un6c5j6s7GahFURzC219eeIZTCuOlRifmQsQdNkRG0
3ZqPqksAIftRo53491XGZvoRFlje-2F7IJxSjVAMt6CRKSTFger-2FBpbfHHFV-2FRtuYBu4
3DwHmy8pMe-2FHsybxSR-2B5G61SpkW7mmfakUmuawHczkt1g-3D-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYu
N-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8Hju
Tv6Qo1-2B35VEyIJUJxGD4gyahgtVjRUYzUEJ-2Fo4Uvsh0zfOXsWzmFUlJFNuknQ66l2DFQ
UU3kLEqS9e-2F-2BPuqsmg0CF3sRBau-2BH1Djjj9tb7Gq-2BSpOkcV1TkdGMc0bZDOGW72u
ygDM-2FtdhetZFzAtY2kVJP-2BRUoaEKlRXlZYWFtVhAjwcs8U3zXmmYGTGcnBeMDmRuCrr1
eWgaE2LFDMo5EqlB3GvMxjupxBSXbLfY3ZrdoDhqpHAbuNyQWqdwM7gxyUlek0EjiRqN9klj
GbzaW-2F7k3GX3bSC1JJGKHJbWsxZ7aA16lxNWPkmVs-2FpWNXYVYA-3D-3D>
Introducing Cloud Sync (beta)
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOYyP1wZU6DPCRc577WK6un6c5j6s7GahFURzC219eeIZTCuOlRifmQsQdNkRG0
3ZqPqksAIftRo53491XGZvoRFlje-2F7IJxSjVAMt6CRKSTFj9qlomF3YdXJkBAivph4ndzY
1de9cbwEFBgtK5fYLqQkDH2MQBdmLRoqYDZbCxL-2Fg-3D-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWc
FqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTp-2FU
HFNUcw0eM-2BObi2InW-2ByTVgLjgK19GvM3RYSq5OZ1Df8cKTQ04LJM9GTtBhTS0U581kIK
54wK1LsiCRHepLWhQpckUd9bfPxWn2Y1z3YKNyOXfpaAmyniIRrYy2QeNuNx89LhWE3t-2BP
JFWioy-2BpRAm0b6-2BGvjUL0aWdQdnHsc2T0BCza6HPknm0Qd4KJhC-2F0b0Z-2BKXdMtFd
Q8Ta8DYOUQUpPRDIDhgAcWyezBWeE99Es82OEwxRSDOwTZu3oEbn4d0kmEUUbfLwyVa-2Ft-
2B-2B3MCAsRl9KzxUmAXtHZ21lplJqtNn-2F-2BZ70SSzi-2FlhO20Jw-3D-3D>  

We know that streaming bandwidth and storage limitations can be
frustrating when sharing and enjoying your media, and we'd like to help.
Today, we're excited to launch Cloud Sync, which lets you sync your
media to places like DropBox
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0vW9Gqz0nluDUwc8GEUjnxB6ZkEXZ1Hs5
JZb07CQ9vA-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aG
CDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTrJBETFrjPBKG5wWNHzNQXbRA-2F-2FKUN8-2BdrBy
ctkPnfhM4gJC3ib5ZgxGtS-2FAIjIQGmmajq1fBuRyquSCGG8unMCGbQkrJiVsz1N5a-2Bfk
ygg9M-2BgI2lYcd2CHcUPyfXnLv5RZwCKIBHLJsBtLIeqet5y1gS-2FLOHRnWJgNiPbfDgXK
xkatcLwod2h0ppmzOaGPsfHnCeCmm62BPz3SO3kOwYngEqeNIoBC7neLMNi0gE8XPwYsQzUi
oLFaZnNShpNiaEJNd5f9TLWCa6dhZw3g4EOwnxNMcwrIis3ocjcMQxr3Vp30n9vPkAkFqsl3
O7zJkw-3D-3D> , Google Drive
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=Z3iYpvyb2hAZKgvCAvedmQK2FNEbaIn6U
k4XWRj7f50-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aG
CDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTs3e0palyDkf1VmhJKrhBnTNN4CgkrQ7hy-2FM8F1d
iHCgKvw6fhAsFDG5ZT4OsQA9X0jgi8ber39useCFipc5mO9LH9QT-2BpEbCSSV3v7Yy3mtyp
OBO61ZSfzu-2FcnKVkHOjVb02Unryz-2Fr-2Bm0r-2FfYZYRlEvfS1-2BHAhzyFVS6Q7TsNL
pSrcxQ7P6aP2L1Ox-2Fx5LUPwhCQPX18RbPUK8MfGb-2Bc4cSnu1v6NChGmasIZfUlDPAN7i
P1LCEUs-2FvUn8fT5BgrEef5wXBbJ-2BxlwAlGTFnpKhYlI-2B2TZh-2FfXZnwkovK2w4DMG
7NHjHG8aJMQ5n9hrmA-3D-3D>  and Box
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0vW9Gqz0nluDUwc8GEUjn3LjI1bOB6mJ6
N5GtZWNPSQ-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aG
CDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTkdRDKVD-2F5yUjb9olfOHKWvJ6ebr5U4iIPmT3vod
mm6ik-2F6Ab2rWhEwP0KatKFcf7V1Pfj939Ito5CZrN6MRVFUxAdaq3E-2BGfCxj8Belee0j
FB7iWBnNtBqJwVf-2FG-2BMXGLbxaH9abWAzg2aLnxRxpfsGGgwVI-2BZjn0xsGxZ-2BQuMa
USWh3arywKJ1bT2vcDf4pX2qGbf55ZS0V9V0E3fMPlJx0A4jN1zrUVcT1CIcLztmA9PI-2FE
edHhhe-2F5MgIIQQsYN2MxaKleKOciHw50KhaKP-2BT1MNXknbcyqysRupA8448bJMFVkym2
DlUrhldWoU4w-3D-3D> . Your media is automatically optimized for
streaming and uploaded along with the rich metadata you know and love.
It's like having a media server that's always on, even when your
computer at home is turned off. Cloud Sync is available to Plex Pass
subscribers.

You can learn more here
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOYyP1wZU6DPCRc577WK6un6c5j6s7GahFURzC219eeIZTCuOlRifmQsQdNkRG0
3ZqPqksAIftRo53491XGZvoRFlje-2F7IJxSjVAMt6CRKSTFkl0ee9PeOS1w-2FYVJ0Uo0mc
p-2BP-2BGSbhMzGrPchDykjh-2BOeHkie7jjFNen91ZT7Zohg-3D-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYu
N-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8Hju
TjGIElEf4HisT4FPLBwWff-2B-2BVBN1FnxbcJoe69XMuiRaHu9A8vVcNrKWa9t2ojrV7ATi
RUzQkKv9hA7tGj3PdcKePiDcn6zuZlaT0JJvTWJauv3hff-2FU9iLmiT0Z2C7634dUib8OQP
9lMsn6PT1CQvUXbymWHU7i23n5mPQkZ9WRvftU8ERNmrIFKgx70-2BtWtzcwkH8SD-2B9w18
TLNEtoUq0CqF73fWLeQcTBd-2FMTL3B5XRekiUipmDHKj3llQnHitEsJSDTBJQIESLfHdpoC
PM8xxY03iUoXA90cnshoKHsKNYUWQuCi0ivP-2BK-2BBrhP-2Blw-3D-3D> .

 	 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOYyP1wZU6DPCRc577WK6un6c5j6s7GahFURzC219eeIZTCuOlRifmQsQdNkRG0
3ZqPqksAIftRo53491XGZvoRFlje-2F7IJxSjVAMt6CRKSTFrxaCO7X79hdc7H7pdYkcOYmJ
e2CSAHZ3GY6K3zL3GsXKY9vUPgBDLJRnMivVKzBOg-3D-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFq
YOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuToj7RGUu
XlYHo7uT1-2B9zz7CAViOOdZt4WWOT9gTDOV9UDOZcGe46SEcu-2BDfwSlFm9MctqMmgXgZE
WTwPyj0wvH5WufUeUTsJQg4TqRhi8WAc9ycODKjZfLY6FuaN6tFfhJ0H81yHSo7Xs5G-2FO-
2BV570obMYiCL8m3AyLBpRR5Tf0O8wSeQGdSllNbWc4sUpeKEeJmf1lzZkb97ezvNYzElS2m
weMeFtDkdu3NyWkJm5EFGwSEI4cs6hYoaq1TJSwaAYBThYHKzuEusrFYWpsaQP-2FU5ls-2F
woLKn7G1zqIPO8fKZTlf8t183Ujt2wMIAD2sqQ-3D-3D> 	 
Both myPlex and Plex Media Server get a boost
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOYyP1wZU6DPCRc577WK6un6c5j6s7GahFURzC219eeIZTCuOlRifmQsQdNkRG0
3ZqPqksAIftRo53491XGZvoRFlje-2F7IJxSjVAMt6CRKSTFrXCF09K64iMSJ-2BK7YqETl5
YQCFJrMPHR2PSU9y9Pl-2B8GSWsmlKHNAkmExVrx0jQRw-3D-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2F
WcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTlKx
yW-2BLHsCDk8BhW0Dx52x4ZGpC1gBlGBtPZByo9tZm7LloYv-2Fb9US79Ig2TFHd62HIsEW3
tH-2BTLZvepHS1IoIiW9gweyEpqAs6q2SutaY06w7gt3xEKnjDZZdzbgnLhwYOveUtzflarA
UZkj4leRggNoWQ4BWpbr0LOBF-2FC30Rba-2Fyx-2FvqviJEzrY1wbXPpxTWjX9qOOLd3CZq
cTC0jPC-2Ff6m2eAHimQz1NSFchvIcJXfhOz7RldYiX1e4D-2B4skfAgG7itfGCJAfCucg2Z
mkaMZ4PZRlN-2Bwkknt-2Bg51txOBkVWMUi89NFWJxRjN0oVUg-3D-3D>  

We've made your queue and recommendations load up to 10 times faster.
We've also greatly sped up scanning media into your library. The quicker
it gets into your library, the quicker you can enjoy it across all your
Plex apps, right? Movies, TV, music and photos all scan at least three
times faster, and scanning has also been made more reliable. So, if it
feels like someone pressed turbo on your Plex, that's because we did.

 	 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOY5O3uWZ38JOS1bNSd8St-2BZOv9oBtZj4bT9xDQ3tYUVCsbCPAZxlwfSYDWUY
FVRLL8I9soJLuaYcYDgE9kJnhX-2Fi-2BrZ-2FSVLDnQHWJJQiFsyIU64FQbg-2B8-2FScWm
qlX0eKbITr2PPjT6-2F5nc4d0hAnqFVoe7oTj0F4z-2B5PD56aKnzadSKZ1y2y4u8KXTMs2E
OXf0-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2B
MA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuToRcUTBChJMdKxWwRvIJiclu639POlFtGwdN-2BXj9YaYufY
hk-2FeZMVmUPCb077gRPl4mS9LmJOY34mijMD0ym1ynVBzR2XDCqaQSsAmlIdVGL15hN6F-2
BfjF8CaE84W-2B-2BvQ8I9GcUEL-2BCDukXXmi2x-2BughhU-2FXC1KKKEZYrXgL3GsRPE7o
Yd9jjlXP5-2B1iBhH1BQt0JXzrFKrsTdzCM4aMKXe3w9CDye1ZMuLp4wMK8Up3mylejs1TXc
UuAtjICdZmzQ7GkdDEOq-2BfJ2RNFYrl2bGLNMW9-2FYmCVyVmKHWdntHSf4FasR3sqVR7CG
E0-2Bne59Q-3D-3D> 	  	 
The new bookmarklet: Save, Recommend, Fling!
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOY5O3uWZ38JOS1bNSd8St-2BZOv9oBtZj4bT9xDQ3tYUVCsbCPAZxlwfSYDWUY
FVRLL8I9soJLuaYcYDgE9kJnhX-2Fi-2BrZ-2FSVLDnQHWJJQiFsyIU64FQbg-2B8-2FScWm
qlX0eKbIKPClRuGSZxr2ox6sgqrSFq-2FuORro1FMqoSSzWz9N9vIp-2Fo-2FIOajuKfqXqD
sN1c4s-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-
2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTt-2FOh1z10gokE5K3l9H7V5vNR-2Bi7Qv866FvBaGwLlO
I7b2jwQySuQA-2F13B-2Fm8LaS-2BavTgnWbzauDGQkuvnc6G93ZZuitfnZaTLh7Kr1THkrk
ANBd-2Bdn7hnUZNRSRwXI-2Bg3I-2FvX4LLumONgW1KITM9pQkgItEo4zYA9VaYl8KbWRg9v
J2hY-2B3IVYBeJSdeGjPNXnQS6RoUpSpUIZqTYiOTot44nLvMjx1A3P0EEwiJCm7RynLX8Hz
zzrLqlKcX7keOFBhHBOH0Hf2ElO2RmQpBsWh56f8WU1hkmmEQQRNzk1g0GBeJbR5jxGXS9gh
H7XeYA-3D-3D>  

The Plex bookmarklet
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOY5O3uWZ38JOS1bNSd8St-2BZOv9oBtZj4bT9xDQ3tYUVCsbCPAZxlwfSYDWUY
FVRLL8I9soJLuaYcYDgE9kJnhX-2Fi-2BrZ-2FSVLDnQHWJJQiFsyIU64FQbg-2B8-2FScWm
qlX0eKbKHZOJV776VLXzP3l8mRCKSlPZPOjopR3S3WsZR21yKxynQGQ4qdWBzHXLxH7D-2By
Bc-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA
4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTgighKwLGKnNoo7sr66MssBbdGkzCcOoM9xbTeSbCdAPUXtzu9
kiIWFffhgjxr2KSqg-2BubYTg3Qj-2FZSwoODBkdlO81wLVbO3WaF7MF5Idcg9sOcifvvLvY
1iJpI8wcGI8SGm4VZ1ByS9JUDVvQH6skBb2dooGqkPHX-2F-2BRq-2FHgF4g1N5WRFCq3ZL-
2FwZSLxbDGragX8cEPRYsRX5FITuza21Yx3nfpnBf6fA3jmuEVI-2B39qAvYxArg0r-2F1O0
tI8-2Ba4dKdHLiEbEGhJtoeaKkqkd2pdY6m2Yg1vsho-2FdiM5kadf2hzDMDyeW-2FyhuFMK
5D9VYA-3D-3D>  lets you save videos from your favorite online sites to
queue up for later viewing on Plex. We've made huge improvements
including a streamlined look and feel and an easier way to recommend
videos to friends. Now you can also find a video you like on your laptop
and watch instantly on your Plex-connected TV. 

Simply add the "Plex It" button to your browser
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=ejCSBDxrPk-2FIIrTMLiTJEre1R8swioQ
wgbBzhGFJmn9vx7Wh7TEe6LGdttX8qModQ6dhvQ3pe-2BO-2BpITJMz2trIO-2BUuFVtF9jq
pYhpzdoMoYlPZo6vXYOJlOTSPWmBFxHmM3BYsFcZszCXppPBpkC5-2BkT2cwSksMtvgldQiC
eH1M3EFKdUtdSCuZ5xjK9rG4Y_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAow
S465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTt-2BhInR-2BrYVIeogtetQh7QRRAF
mKNAxiamO47d61dRoiRjZjhtDqafJYyW5Bp-2FSg62EbtPvrlWsa7L9ns4TmT-2FNwNyjOLZ
7woquDWQW-2FAv67-2FK7dzGO6Cv0KxzzSFUnjKg4pc7hxGNUcL18nuQJLrTpACQWue5r3cV
en-2FpC9BTfW5kTCOkqovEvqsBMSp7NvwxJCH4XO98WRkfC-2B2jO6cRwWkkEPBAoxooIuka
J9oQ9xCKrmKuq1XD54AjPObfK2XxxCQJpjIb1ezUMIjzFpDsB50h-2BPrNbKelEE7TfAyduL
4EjDbCt68hJwNWfEjWqpPg-3D-3D>  and start flinging.

 	 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=ejCSBDxrPk-2FIIrTMLiTJEsItp8U-2BU
kIgJ68ZAnscYmWFCd7uYPUD5Sy9aNJB3WBAgqt80kaVoo-2BQE1LryUFiJdJxCPK8ihEpUCT
ohofg-2B0nZFCR2Q2MlvvFxsM9q1DdSJV6iRKpIBpRqLjv3uFmphmcY7IxptseB-2Bytbs2G
gMNVu-2FbNq7lVC82VMXXGRCEwj_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tA
owS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTsKasWbXFU6iNNdWYnFI05JaARhc
hSH5AuynBwL3phsEhlZn4l8jMhS8-2BdrNU11eDzU4Kop-2Fri-2FCJJx25EXCUi7fRkg5DI
ynQ42G46A4jhi3STivXQOuIhZkuijjkmxnsALRZ9Ij9ptTpzHLGJ-2FL3z6-2BfthjKsz-2F
sL3mSLs21RshzcpLJsE-2Bun6VkBrgaJl1sRD4G4dXTIOH-2FAejlnGUpwhLBhYBkvmBS7oF
UA4uxeQGokgTIp9Kph-2B8PNVLJ4an8ZHOAzLYdRBkzyvz8eLuUUCFKqwsxT8il9RzFpYYQ8
4vhFWiYIFb-2B6EyDQkIlG6LhA-3D-3D> 	 
Plex Pass
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=ejCSBDxrPk-2FIIrTMLiTJEsItp8U-2BU
kIgJ68ZAnscYmWFCd7uYPUD5Sy9aNJB3WBAgqt80kaVoo-2BQE1LryUFiJdJxCPK8ihEpUCT
ohofg-2B0nZFCR2Q2MlvvFxsM9q1DdSXMO7iUAzDAW3iN53a4zk89h5RBArncnCHMO9EA2IF
XN7n8zqK8X9Nm1csfxS8Bd4_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS4
65oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTqaVjdzQ6ZeW9ZEXblmHMZTAev4rfvjK
Usi6fVB0ESb9nxc5Hv53nmtpohmm7zW-2Ba4qBCO3WAxKewkBfDD9rtF-2FzS7Gc5BQLH0R9
y3I-2FAkz49OXZnz68o7n-2BbqnRUI7eY8UMzG46pKoPytw-2Blh3RMG-2F-2BvNK4zAWGzo
3vLH7L2Q2FzUL5ByExve0FwVrZ6dhVYP8IfxyFm1V8yv-2BzYmhQg8ptSUV3N2Za80jHbDv7
jPSg3zu65beiOCM5mnwVt5BlVeK7RFePbTNvHLRuyyD-2FN-2FQvsZVqY89ulQtZHzUi6ZUw
N4xkRwkwg7ouc5KnfjoCpg-3D-3D>  

A Plex Pass subscription
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=ejCSBDxrPk-2FIIrTMLiTJEsItp8U-2BU
kIgJ68ZAnscYmUX8aWH7bz5pa6AEmtJNuGervvUGlpNzsvj9Ez3hnlWobnzD8NQOmq95cP7m
c9x8ZWVhx3aZdZXnSN1SLmDOS4pCW1GSpS3nrs9XxxsTxHvSBY5bhmiD9-2FiMqEIRbZjDXv
ILmmJ6HNUGto5AZuYD9A4_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465
oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTkUs9PHa4xUDxjemRt53iA2spTeUVlZvNG
JltHxMI4vzP-2B-2BSVEvJ0xSFW7c25ORqypdyrOhWZKH7d9kAKw1ffv998r546dCmAuR7-2
Fsli2Y3zshoA8bSfbYImTQp-2FWdpL88mZTvSi-2B2-2B2GM9JzFrIiNJnv0iw7Ygws9-2FI
zsRdsBcYpqBoNh0SXvhP86RX1lEB7uQ5zL3Qt3uqIwlAdVKxUAwQ4JNIvDeREGUbw7Q3cw-2
FNQOjmdZWePbN4rmLz9ZAr8f-2F0Oj1ImxybfDbQPZCdxbyk9-2B-2FS3pz9BSQk45HPP5MZ
Yazlq5fnD8i2f-2BaJUwNU5Q-3D-3D>  gets you more of the good stuff and
fuels our development. You can enjoy access to new features like Cloud
Sync along with upgrades to existing ones like Plex Home Theater.

Learn more and get your Plex Pass here.
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=ejCSBDxrPk-2FIIrTMLiTJEsItp8U-2BU
kIgJ68ZAnscYmUX8aWH7bz5pa6AEmtJNuGervvUGlpNzsvj9Ez3hnlWobnzD8NQOmq95cP7m
c9x8ZWVhx3aZdZXnSN1SLmDOS4p9v1BmcVnUviA98A2aIuDODgR8EMkEOPHcT5jivfVQaY2r
f2FMdm7ivFJz-2FL8HMp0_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465
oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTmALZX9xfdVMN-2FmcjV-2FzNHqrNV7APQ
AVs7GjqvhU7fL60-2BpBLb7oayxdUOOXAqqhZQB-2FKHx0NYa09Jck0eJG5TWFJSakF4D3Yc
KAP4bT-2FMCQROWVy-2Fdxme6576XAZ4VX3m9J4DgGWPDQrAKj0n9AeKhA91IwCTHRvTHRPx
sjVLG2nW6-2BDKPXFnm-2B91g-2Br4rxgMzCw-2FRTMwfpZm78-2BXom2uO8Ksg06IaB2V0I
HVScRPDJ-2FLabqxOpZVhzsoIrAKO0PKoCAR7pXCaogUnEbU-2Fl8-2FP-2FaGfTgLhz-2FL
c604WvvYBchlTkBsHDSf27qIL5cKOKCw-3D-3D> 

 	 
 	 Get the most out of Plex 
 	 
Sync with your favorite shows 

Plex Sync lets you save your media on your iOS and Android devices. If
you're following a TV series, there's an easy way to make sure you
always have the next episodes ready for watching. Simply sync each TV
show, select the "unwatched" option, and pick the number of episodes
you'd like to have available offline. That way, no matter where you're
watching the show, Plex will keep you entertained. Plex Sync is another
great reason to sign up for Plex Pass
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=ejCSBDxrPk-2FIIrTMLiTJEsItp8U-2BU
kIgJ68ZAnscYmUX8aWH7bz5pa6AEmtJNuGervvUGlpNzsvj9Ez3hnlWobnzD8NQOmq95cP7m
c9x8ZWVhx3aZdZXnSN1SLmDOS4pUe01IQ4PFiH11BDba5ZqRqOcsQn-2BcjNh1R1a7dS5YUy
nbKjH3FXE0V0E0uXTrBLv_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465
oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTmHo4ZZYvIHvI0sNf6VTdWwCXZOQYsyZr-
2Bs-2ByvP13EjNg4jMCNsSPb-2BF2XWQvUZ8k9AgJNgoo-2BMf0mNvTh2KOgFc5iw4MFi8IM
Z7gC7c7o0yuix4S8yQNj3GQkVYKzHzle3osc3C9f-2B-2F0WyEM-2FRptQWL4XwUOWDq0Pqr
WVbVN6KN0usZFDhGWNNBY8yCKUHLU89vIdllH65ispL71l9OBHk02qqXiGsNZMM7u9PM-2Fj
FdusBXnUvPmk4COzNQ7xWzSKaJGGCw9CfAyDXlD8fbI3KrUm4VMm5UrsG-2BwGAWBmWClhQj
I4XAdeFQsgxRe-2FaF8g-3D-3D> .

Use your phone as a server at your friend's house 

Did you know you can play your synced content (if you have a Plex Pass)
and view content from your iOS photo albums (even if you don't have a
Plex Pass) on any other Plex app? It's true! You can go over to a
friend's house, and your iOS or Android device will show up as a Plex
server, so you can browse and play synced content on their Roku, Google
TV, Plex for Home Theater, Plex for Android or even another iOS device.

Adjusting video streaming quality 

When streaming to your mobile devices over WiFi or cellular, the amount
of bandwidth varies widely. Even as you walk around your house, the
signal level varies, which can affect the speed of data to your device.
If your video is pausing or buffering, it's probably time to lower the
quality. On Android you can do this right in the player, simply tap the
settings icon and adjust the quality. On other Plex apps there are
quality settings in the preferences area you can adjust.

 	 
 	 What people are saying about us 
 	 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4ghQsvLZnS6RB
Ec-2F5YEjlNdbMNzspGHJVavrUrNjEb6q_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYY
c877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTrO8eNX1pB-2FK9pQz7Xp0
EGbSneAalLxC2JyegWfvhzwaZFq-2Ba54ecAu8uNUPkTQgQwAO0tQj1mdSSTsWmSDKV6P9EJ
FIwQpAE0f45wYqTrDYGnMuIbjY-2Br2JNKDSN4fiQWcWqP0iGPmSdowpEwkUMC1sRmhE5cB6
ljHnOm2S-2F40uyqyCsLeit3uVCI1roTKugn5BNIKy0Sr0UjzAVqxvb41LnbdW-2BXul8aeN
eRZ2cLjQ04ITcoZyxJdS0buo4AQ2V8lIT4SJ-2B6f29ow09a4kKaJbpZ-2FpOueVb29nKAOP
HG8vWunoRZY5m9MdJS9fw9Ktjg-3D-3D> 	
 
<http://static.sendgrid.com/uploads/UID_475774_NL_2081755_902a4116396d21
7098defef3ea3f4328/f285ffa9a419c6f269743a84a677f750> Jon Olsen@burnunit
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4ghQsvLZnS6RB
Ec-2F5YEjlNdbMNzspGHJVavrUrNjEb6q_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYY
c877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTvDkd4UD7ZmHKsrZxKxBa6
3kA6leLjil9waG98h3DfM4rNRseBzds1T0958jgfxYu7-2FLln4k58PYRgfX-2FdMVy5dMKD
kuw9OEAG7pIKUXcUvDq0vlVxLNQ-2BU7uJsYG8EavtYXztgZ6WbeFoAx3bHyYQSoUBjaRw0H
nkrcEiZng4bMU0Rk7tS6DLvViTylYT14680nJLZxAIAph4soYTm-2Brbqc91nkDnMyQytmOP
egGxPA8fapisl3H2i9-2FR4joDFymUEgKKYxHFMxGaiiSKBKu5U6cALRDhLf73M-2Fs2NX7h
TucANJ0stEWYSrZHrfmIvnaw-3D-3D>  
"I've just liberated my media across time and space with Plex Media
Server. I am become SHIVA THE SHATTERER OF WORLDS!" 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4l9zGR34dQ1id
XpwwgIDT-2F0wJIssACw7Cse-2BbsLUecMH_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDL
YYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTvI1MwZfjQpkkXKG23i0
lf0FJlFrexEpqCOBJQYKxW4oX8xjHlxDBOmXDQ1dcZQLiPdDECBYV7lAU6v33lM5Mv6dutg7
06IebUbi8pxce4s0-2FJ57IbUlPOO0cNiim7eE4kHsgAFipEj6KtAT6Zj1rM24qYGyyqOUwx
UlUzt-2FBCdCnhKrtFS4-2FEoblxZM-2BqRZSABEPq96qujbWX-2B-2BJzIACsKme8uLmJoS
tbq8ywkypUbrF1Pl6nUU6VXcPWEYRjU1hD-2FfS7fenU-2F3QYgvnKB4d0aIGPxW8bOcjvq7
TwcmPkM9tScKWqeshsNOIr-2BHXLmcGg-3D-3D> 	
 
<http://static.sendgrid.com/uploads/UID_475774_NL_2081755_902a4116396d21
7098defef3ea3f4328/f285ffa9a419c6f269743a84a677f750> Tom@tomlagona
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4l9zGR34dQ1id
XpwwgIDT-2F0wJIssACw7Cse-2BbsLUecMH_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDL
YYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTs0olDdybE8yBWf4OiAY
6pOU1iLw6xwbtthmsTGD8RecT3uhh-2BDSADYUJQK9BI8DS-2Bys944R02iiBQajEh0f-2Bd
FlJVQLs6NMRuSLx3NVcKnwcZKLYhuvMtGnwxcJawNDRC8LVZF9eKMGNigR33dowCkk-2Bz83
J2yuqAHgWMFJX2PyOb7HUFMEt7GLA4v5As01G3RbELtOdq0uoROThCmbOvVwzv6m821uxc3X
Q1EgBQzjfjNT6FH8my5qymkTOEnOWXUJSLAQw0p-2BP6kwIrq9NcH4G04QCNUq6N2wBllpip
gvC-2F0uSjsuyFZzNDoRnSGEgw-3D-3D>  
"This is getting better and better! I love the Android app and being
able to share media! Can't believe i just learned about this." 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4vJgCxUjZVtKs
e8vmlHdFclSDkcPFZLHsGLuTw9LvHVX_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc8
77tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTnTVKr-2BYg-2BLEDxB9qKpZ
Tqks5i9qrxcY1-2BiLh1OxXxgUAO2hhzT8cf93xd5NyMuO0lRW145nurs0C6CM3zhb5ZoMjp
90zG-2BRFCClegcgFv2141kIzcX09Ti6f6PZS24vJW8fYJbyE5uYu0trPzLCxGPDKI5vnpr1
4-2BEyxINLjSVpYMqOT54mABOsk3pGxaL2QgWbFhg9VXFu8BJ7InBnoJ6itQxNbO3kEHjmgI
OI8TT0N-2FuN-2BXc2tpbOS-2FLtIJ1j6S6b6QIi78kHaxJLJGs-2B2XfsfkS1IlAj3OzVjj
FswGzvlPggJRsSydzmTvGEuWK9TA-3D-3D> 	
 
<http://static.sendgrid.com/uploads/UID_475774_NL_2081755_902a4116396d21
7098defef3ea3f4328/f285ffa9a419c6f269743a84a677f750> Patrick M@whak
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4vJgCxUjZVtKs
e8vmlHdFclSDkcPFZLHsGLuTw9LvHVX_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc8
77tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTjVXIIiTey1uKz1I9yIGoGVG
hVqK1A5LTBs4CUNeWjuybs-2BS9Krj-2FgJIbmwP2tMdxesq5G-2FjXGzHczxtDQsc5sFx54
7jEORrUflbBzgMqb1XXjPnCNyr1gWGvR78-2BWNstam7WZscXNoQzgJE24kKXH5xMH3ZgMKK
o-2FgGOyZWirT9OOD6eSVqWubCYPTvSU1JVaDPoGj7iuk2Ve7BLNMi33FKGlOL5trfqETMgx
3MEHKQ3b1Jyn-2BH33SpLIossWIBBtnTPW244Rf4T7Hxj1WIBZaDu1tPP2g2Xx6uHLOF9Uuz
ZHCCMVnBaXUUdJTFsfB7dA-3D-3D>  
"Whoa. Just discovered Plex. I think it's time to build that home
theatre streaming media server. Cause winter's almost here, y'all." 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4jao-2BZkIhp8
1vQirKlaXPSa3BzaWhNbiThx4jS-2FJZ7Ds_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDL
YYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTupewZod8HExlrE2NMyB
7XEzko5-2F-2FsQGHMVnu3tNzSMB-2F3Y05SPNqx168QLO1Len5-2FWKWthUqGl6EaY7tHHC
F-2FP7yKftSHnYHIS-2FZa-2FRq-2BHBjshpzC5-2BiCgXN1028vVtKM8-2BhWX0ja-2FIMT
L-2BVhSCyWle4SGsvJtaNHxNf8f2eIENVbMHL4UFAUHYLG2siOB2GDkhu325npD7936OE-2B
rGuhV6PilGbZks1QHm49P3Kc6-2F4SeLLWg9B9m6HJ5LkoVvM1mUnKw3Ohbtmt6yZpl8iv-2
B4Q4gy-2F5fnpeUv1TtZU9Ywi7N0TfJ587hUF87uIL-2Fkmg-3D-3D> 	
 
<http://static.sendgrid.com/uploads/UID_475774_NL_2081755_902a4116396d21
7098defef3ea3f4328/f285ffa9a419c6f269743a84a677f750> Alegeek@Thealegeek
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4jao-2BZkIhp8
1vQirKlaXPSa3BzaWhNbiThx4jS-2FJZ7Ds_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDL
YYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTvrMbU5J4cWGQsInEPu1
r1x44B6qhomA3E0KyRTSFyVEM3F1riPNkXx78APF-2Fk3IVwYQZa8d6YfW27J7q1-2FS9jC3
g7sGylLJimGav6SK9wG5S7BFcsf2Jk-2BVo0QOqb5ePo0M-2FJTyFfxzI9zLaJRp-2FAjW4r
hhLReWXo474LAz6syqT5DWmuFUOtMJ8xTTKNh5-2BTxJ-2BADTwiE9Bc32A24uYbGW79YgaX
qTZxSXVc85W7hCoiDF5Vn5g1hVwH5g4qWYkyKMaZHGs5iC7stZPF57aSy8XONwiS33RTWUlw
-2BqC-2B2CIDdxxkg1oZrYKAURRXehwA-3D-3D>  
"Upgraded to 0.9.8.8, that was nice and easy :) The PlexPass is
certainly worth the investment." 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4hnLXM-2Fz2Qh
riZ3aXihHo0Pho-2BTykPh8hq6so-2Be5yJ-2Fl_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2n
HPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTkDwW0cM3BRAbfln
TbT6aw2mdHEGvwTDRD0RCEogGV7TAM2Wdu5mc0QJ2G3HnnjF8PdoD6csiHVtdFAWJTzPIWIJ
a-2B-2BAOZNRJ97DPSAie5MwDb5Tn5AUKU-2Foutq-2FZA-2B-2FNIcs5hvyJGYFWN7QTGpq
yvizBzsuFp2-2BlRtTzyhSl0CxO7lP1v3LwgjTiHtHUx3domFUFU9Cnn-2Bo5lV1OZPS-2FN
7BB2YE3njhXgycl9mejXeDVoTcQpo4uNH2jsEnehuKajS16GJsAm5nbIQIPem16WxQWc0qnD
QmlG7skBsxHj0pbZR-2Bc3frm1U-2BCB-2BWxokfGA-3D-3D> 	
 
<http://static.sendgrid.com/uploads/UID_475774_NL_2081755_902a4116396d21
7098defef3ea3f4328/a15a9512c5d6e3237b7c03548fde3f19> Adam
Magnani@OWoboros
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4hnLXM-2Fz2Qh
riZ3aXihHo0Pho-2BTykPh8hq6so-2Be5yJ-2Fl_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2n
HPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTqB1czt8OSOXUZlC
Hum2-2B0HsQvb7e-2FehYzgP3n3-2FHTS36QlVGnwOqxoKAgc-2B-2Fj0IJzyr-2BTn94KH9
A5fDJDFZggKYYvYVOiFEyEUBOiYLIOdWrYRSD3zoh-2FkOEpYIvf1Udr5tLFRNQsAv-2FKnl
b0oddDvHax0zaPs12PqD6TU3X3vdeRh4VZpZerTveh8PAY3Unvr-2FXDy7ISWUlJujgseO88
oOtPj59RB6DW6HCo-2BrfWNvKW8lkpDdRh1qR-2Bs0oYtRITLNFzA-2BzHaS0f-2B-2BnRGF
dq6gdBucIfgmtzXcg0NqUr0-2BRuG8VTxLkDFWNRlFgA0iuQ-3D-3D>  
"I love you guys. PLEX makes me and my very spread out family so happy.
I can't thank you enough. I've bought my lifetime PlexPass and i can't
wait to see what get's baked in next." 
 	 
 	 Join the conversation 
 	 

We thrive on your feedback and what we build is driven by your input, so
join us. Follow us on Twitter
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=rJaioOyUphBD2OEoq8NcWihu7HYESXcZW
ukc1r66lXnEexhi4pMdqs0iVc-2BT8nR9_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYY
c877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTv-2B7PxYkycXUXPqYyMq2
F8dnbq7TAFx5-2FNitmmMIzqmpCtzXrppU-2BSATshSpz0sxNaAJr04u-2FHX1CbmEy-2Fyx
dgp8LPtZyFIdC59wGZGpRMha60yU5T1EUjZvYZVcADeMi5FZ1SlvqOVW1mqFuwhxiMWYwqtz
TX-2FG-2FEROQash707gkxxHW3AMVTjKXtv9-2FYZfICmb4heaJvbOYvGrLPcfcXS86WvabN
Fy-2BPUUIP-2F18K0W-2FrJhsllJt7OZUQDxKaUgUYdPlV4nykMEJyKM9j6u-2FxZGOV2ACs
mOYhOVtzlwh3Vs4T3gMWc0fr2LEf4tGQOd3A-3D-3D>  and Facebook
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=KSq-2Fh2G1t3MxflcaP4SZY3TuS98duXm
2hk81ZxFNOb9vRH1ZBOn1QPJIw0ox-2F3Gk_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDL
YYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTptk-2FJGqu4nLAOPwop
xe8DmKPJM3V1VYARqfJfVJ2mE9RXAuxNiPe1SKuAYOGAGmKwXlSV-2FbIj34w9BHGxDMMgvS
kXFMA4FrBvs5Z1E0DXftd4xchimnCsuydRnRKQnfT77YPvzeMq7d9vnqObbD-2FOAFUYG9wd
F2Qz9XepvhCzxMa3iKVFnQFT2w5-2BoB-2FSkOkehREkyRIRmy4V5jud2msRWHz7I-2BX46H
Yn-2B5mk5qIPYe8-2BNBNTQ65e4RrdUhZm7aZ5-2FO2nfvRI1fT5v4W09hyEiqL9UZkmhGfH
ew8WHyAfykda9S78-2Fe0SNRZdcas9qI-2Bg-3D-3D> . Contribute to the forum
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0a4lWH0al0nxXUhbViBwHc6pd9B3TllbI
lf84EdhmqDjAOE4mrAp6Yx6pJRlvOySG4ctvfnzaiVatKEwVFFrySnJXVx3cOJeAKAGjystQ
-2BASgggI4UpAQ-2FyuGnV00k7wHN6X3TuWubMw3cWWuhDrDu5SmAcZ2ZgQTEFne2Bzru0-3
D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4Rkd
B0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTho17amlvPs6BNd-2BVOVzH3bgzSLA0lHW8Bs2ITESS5og48-2B9Py
GKsbQdwDAjqNG759rihPsDs4mtwfQkqG9EPdcBG1dFsQEEZ-2FHRT-2Fo-2FPB0TWN1JhOZG
kNIT0KfGTAx6QvXWqVerPH-2BHB7AxKEFIi6hfr0OdJoJUoqVDtkNgaYE5J4PBJSXJIwRnYg
7mgpUC9r3nxXCKp5BuTd5p0SeAAKNNURn4KsIq-2BQyAWn37OXl6dH3nuM1TcpxcYvIlr6We
52wrj2iS4CB122nnMaeuA01C6Y-2B1IpMEhpqtJUKiBO1kKAGcd1U-2BkcsnbR3KXIIG3A-3
D-3D> . Read the blog
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvh92sepj-2FUlm
urVlbxioyKVX2oedgt41ZOAxjXN7GOYsuw3ccG1NAHqlBALbfR8E2DCxP61cBdu4MJjISDto
vPXIZncS2iJMWpgZ7nVT7uqWbYyYTopEdzKKl8nGuVfG56wYPbINB0srR-2FU43x11mnPM-3
D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4Rkd
B0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTpzUdJBVD0Wnse3UwUIEGFTzBY8Tcjjb1o5CBumZCPSjvh-2BlztHJ
-2Fas9iqEx37exOmzRZ-2BfdWhq8G5WLCg9UHsKeSqc9CfxNA-2BhZoB4pBltyxkgziExhIQ
gqtvtAb6lvZe-2FoyUBp7uVmnvPzLrF-2F8vIsHJ0-2FEaHXHFmqOiK-2B2LVCZpjzir8Yqf
KxRESctWUuBYzHqf6RPq2i81As854jbF4xZS3FbsoBkmYCaUlTUevOCPGz7km3js490lbTLr
QmbpZtlJcXdwLeYt-2FA2w4ngxL3IFgfGvwEy3a8vMtiaTRgB5Un5yRqUrOtolcrurpTzw-3
D-3D>  and leave your comments. This social media thing might be
catching on after all.

 	 
 	 Plex runs on 
 	 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0vW9Gqz0nluDUwc8GEUjn3J9G2HQ12AVU
PWVTP6MnBl8gcf1hem6YsL4Ko-2Fsuojkkfbq2I8sO3WQqe9SHc0v86nyxYvVh-2FPDXKRkU
ixTbajKKTl5CEQRT5dNOStSU2HCG49fi4CqZbv-2BEWx4lHg6iwdW-2Fi02hC00QmTYk2ZaE
GI-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA
4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTh6ryshPy4YbdtYIMD16I0MGeEvklQ-2BTVroglKYZ-2FivXzV
hxurZet2SJ6ig2ZEOdtPzBLacsjjwFcD5oka0OSihiVq0srlDBem4bkMcu1ZCDEWvwA65XrP
bX02rKw8VXDEVNKkVi7lXjotHy-2F85wUnCWzr-2BqPFcuM-2F5E7fG2G6SduyD7vPuyAC1N
ERRDdybB2O5KqGe48doM0XHDZPr7K1tBGOXCfbnJudizrWtR5-2Fc5Zdn5lNUQZxUsvKALrU
x9WfOK-2Bobw5xCi7PXR9A1leXkVPkroGM3pfom-2FAl-2BZv6RYC-2F0a0pV1sXKgiG0V7R
Y-2F5A-3D-3D>  	
 	 
 	 ...and is fueled by Barkley 
 	 
 
<http://static.sendgrid.com/uploads/UID_475774_NL_2255525_17df4b30db08db
a3fc588b71dc1615a4/a25f24532f5bb30a921d7243c37a8099> 	
	
You have received this email because you have subscribed to Plex
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0vW9Gqz0nluDUwc8GEUjn3J9G2HQ12AVU
PWVTP6MnBl8gcf1hem6YsL4Ko-2Fsuojkkfbq2I8sO3WQqe9SHc0v86nyxYvVh-2FPDXKRkU
ixTbaim0pT3ek-2F398WgJM62poGbf9zjPyvSXYvtZpxOt6DjyIqVY6hrevm-2F0VjR2wuu3
nI-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA
4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTqU91IvMhiuPvmrSBxQabRPw8KHEBTEtHIcNiSqS-2FZ2v100J
MoIiobwmwUHGSlLY689Clud9wGpZtB-2F-2FIQocSb5Us6t1xaD07T-2BdJ08J6Kjg5GYb6f
Bm0qDtv6ZgDmEdjNJHKk4n8upVdktUEN8Wxa0OiIZjD4bkXUivw3kiTy8uvHgUVPGzD0eIjc
XOewd9iGHoUfUh4Yl7cLlyF4d37Snt6tyjyEpFzMsuwV1lnk7TKKNI2-2BdJPyJ9XUgFw-2B
ZeyCB5U8pXjUmhDmnMAFJoWIlj-2FHinR3xzLUuPQoyKKgYWM2MUHWUXDb3BBBjIQ19Mpw-3
D-3D> . If you no longer wish to receive emails please unsubscribe
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/unsubscribe?upn=rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOA
oqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTvLmHJxG7E-
2F8F1a-2BV48goSPFJV515kvSgXvr-2BuaS3xHihkKlZYZGI8iD-2Bgz-2B0l8L7-2FkwZPG
idpYNtG7nCQ9oO5vL0NYmlk3vT6irF0DjU9IGPEfvNIRg-2FzfkcXNlMZHlqOJ3PlP37fTae
qL3QjpndyiTbXZH2TDcAX8RUVWkbjmzns-2FzLOn-2BwmD5hwkMgb5h3AFaBsfGfIwFc8ZUj
1pt5DSqulPkSLSb-2FvGH-2FK-2FLbam09TyWaTg2t-2BR8Oa1jAZO6-2Filx6MhhJcwvo-2
B0JX4n7GoLjahXdhaX9Q9qcO05NInpq3bg2GLWosmlbxDxCwn2m0Q-3D-3D>  
© 2013 Plex, Inc. All rights reserved 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4hnLXM-2Fz2Qh
riZ3aXihHo0M-2BPUdjUGH4CvGDVULiUxqJ_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDL
YYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTqiiGRry26Ba5yMZpzHr
wxy3rf8JC5EoqAAeeRQ0TQnnsY3cV7Bnb0ejPOPMw18B4ns3Kussq13FPd0cJCMSNoy7nILB
RD2QkOEutfq4IfwXeOhqHzSGLtoII-2FbP9x4AfuINYix8C9k3bXbjGE-2FvDjr0gCvSCiVf
20m-2BEe4L-2FjRByBIDZjOpOjBRDoAWogoN-2ByzGAxt7Lwt6Go8Zj9gRBxQAuPpwyxPNYI
q8Hc2pIjXrw6TjV3zxWFHA-2BcfFE1GW9l-2FPMj5pbPBTY1gNlJ-2FIjIqDu2ZOIh2vArSn
fZoUZ3o8t2eYzvqF8QpvWU67oXGtdg-3D-3D>
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4q394k6-2FbKd
yvMUgpCrC2VhVJojV69aGhvhE4aUYHPfb_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYY
c877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTlTllA-2F4hUJLhXCklFMm
-2BKtKgjNihk3io-2Bj-2FfLco2cJrKFDZau3gr8TkPcTHzgeqvM2RkcA5IzIMokInKV75bm
ZJgBZbftQ9HOWON8f6-2FOBc7vHJZGBzJDc3dvQsxbT1LnkVDb7Gzobua31KjBha0gkRZ3wk
bqRNCbEle1xE812KIseRn570epWt62AvMSfejbdWgiMUos9YZYEIjELPSqj6Ynt63bH8iOyH
93fXs0WXQv2kU3SU8IAhKFqaqn9Yuz4j4pnsHkICSDl4LhdRaOzkLMFvQ6ctNrzhb-2BbSXc
Llrbz-2BUqU4EvbhEiNzMbFqAQ-3D-3D>
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0vW9Gqz0nluDUwc8GEUjn3J9G2HQ12AVU
PWVTP6MnBl8gcf1hem6YsL4Ko-2Fsuojkkfbq2I8sO3WQqe9SHc0v86nyxYvVh-2FPDXKRkU
ixTbajMBgXmEUesWeQnVKp00gxIUa3a2fbF6M35Ocf-2BwyQNGUwvKHuhR2nU2kikWpHKss4
-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4R
kdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTrJBRfCsI0Ned2zzh-2FhhbeZ7tW2fgvPNlMNJ-2BmabG817H4ch
hIq-2Bk6jbgCo2TeJC7wqhCD4YiYBddL9rD-2F7-2FBgTUw2Y0ofXPrxy9Y5s2rAPcEcfvpc
h4PVFYX9ZplDF0Av18V6aeISubject: Plex Update: Introducing Cloud Sync
Body: Plex News - October 2013 
Your source for the latest news in the Plexverse! 
Trouble seeing something? view it online
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=r919yovET0liWEiak5Jqikj9SL7XKBVAw
YCcS9D8-2FWgAVVHz7dp-2But6IH3F8D-2FNBfKIxEy1cGmOwrxsOku6bzMuhaCUyhkb30D9
10mPBrX1Vmq0izCDzhVpjxm6nm6NBrsBBkWv7Ad3xs4bsxXdY9FUJ5QAz3l3oO02swX5cPsF
p17dNkEXuB0AJdnmc8md6iC-2BjBfG8XtX0j-2FjC2YG7IDMb-2BjMhtNcQXUVvMsuzevbSp
Mftx9n3kSJ1ERh9i07OjZIGKoJJEfDkJTCAODcyBf-2FcgljlYCgb0g9r-2FX7jiIM-3D_rk
wuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0Md
OmySUcSIuV8HjuTp3iEsZl8Aw1YQD6N7nxKe1j9YmD4n7m0jQiqba1bzUj5dlb7dl-2BfWHJ
vseYDZ1hKW73yPFeOMoTEJS4EzdCsukECZi992wYui-2FFaYg2nV7YsciqN5WPa-2BUl7dLB
En5tOMrQd-2BWjTi6PrwzDkhkIBy-2FCnkb3-2F4lv3CmJTGkD2Wp1M6LcOCmF4eSOnDJ3pb
T-2FohDELYY43nOovJljR-2BHG5P8lT-2FQwYzgpaH0Mt3Jap-2BtxrrGpCSxWx0nOoozpmT
0fpleiWeepnRsgkF-2B-2Febv-2FRv3Sx2o2iOW3WrUBXIfyIp7TBxPfbnMKq3nJa8Aifr3o
fw-3D-3D>  
 	 
 	 
Plex, Inc. 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=KSq-2Fh2G1t3MxflcaP4SZY3TuS98duXm
2hk81ZxFNOb9vRH1ZBOn1QPJIw0ox-2F3Gk_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDL
YYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTq2Eq2hBBoe3AtldRoT6
hq3XQUteC3vm32tNrzYnvqi5PK-2FRT-2FVRJoKIVv3cOwjBWa4hUpgfbaRcRcD-2BLik3gT
LrSMEnhUivQYKFxcWHD1TrdB1AZmZIhhzcY5d4uWQI-2FUdNqUI2ehov1dnMXQ9so9OC7xCE
hWRlkBYACmWulpd-2FpkZYkvGFlm7opNCc-2Bzkd46Erxz96F2aqqytB7tk0H9JECZpsNudc
Gdk10wqzVbhNTAlT2SXs6mHge9Dh0JcHBcNISAYQW33vnmTw0KdmEdQrn83tX2UEBiZdZkjC
bKJc2W-2FvV86HKSWw52fCiMWOMA-3D-3D>
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4q394k6-2FbKd
yvMUgpCrC2VhVJojV69aGhvhE4aUYHPfb_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYY
c877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuThcmmEPqmy8g0IwnJ2geix
nWIp9YZQbSO6pedvvEw4zC7OTtPvpFy6z6TY4Non-2F6yLZXN-2FDC2ipQQpPFHer3v-2BKp
HhGNAaUlHPHD4G9kH1ujF2Jxk6s5GZSVNNyfkIMBIfOoY1d5pInESGwJiv-2FMKFmZuNlFuO
btgauqgTtVFQYM94iy43qeUMks1resgF7ofAAdF8br-2Fw7yyaMnKZUJULmiZqxWHvm1Q8dy
QiaTGN2MORX4HAm2ZrBeLptgKlaZZIXzk-2BVtyLzMSW5HJJBxeGwaU3LymlDwUMFe3P-2FX
vRhGAC2pDkca-2F-2FG6tf-2BJIWsqNg-3D-3D>
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0vW9Gqz0nluDUwc8GEUjn3J9G2HQ12AVU
PWVTP6MnBl8gcf1hem6YsL4Ko-2Fsuojkkfbq2I8sO3WQqe9SHc0v86nyxYvVh-2FPDXKRkU
ixTbahaEvFWWFfW83UlGId2pSDS5URHpcMnqPxMDPvSUFRqs224YVx4WAowRx8EX737Wgo-3
D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4Rkd
B0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTln1N7ljqQr0uByvJ-2BOozXuTV1K77yp6Ggyb9FNccFBfIJJPeOR3
5YCmnt2u2eh-2B-2ByUrEL9SN9p4w4TeuW9ofiqAk9xC11PRG7qrQ4UAHrv-2FVe0t8-2BAF
5MYyDum-2FesscWAvlzJsJN-2FgXYgowS2mNMCUF8zwDoVYfJXMXQZDh1czvBTAbOdqMiuJQ
zdLowUfukGUp4CQWui0BB7zZYTEMllsZN20geG0w6GxUPZ-2Fx4takY1QXzDKKRMQ4jNUDPW
4uz5msHZZlBojWmbmAJqGr-2F0emcjAPSHtoEYmqINdqIEnpCfqnzHOYR4jYCoL9pnYXvA-3
D-3D>  
Newsletter October 2013 
 	 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0vW9Gqz0nluDUwc8GEUjn3J9G2HQ12AVU
PWVTP6MnBl8gcf1hem6YsL4Ko-2Fsuojkkfbq2I8sO3WQqe9SHc0v86nyxYvVh-2FPDXKRkU
ixTbag13GM4odi-2BhyP1lxN4Bo1tkDgm-2F2SFQwsYB5seEFAcD7UmMSm1dtFPJeklv9Yi-
2BWo-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2B
MA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTkeya9oT9k0mTvYs6H7dyK4T6WLO8K9fUy6QQoJaxBDfZIMj
-2Fd7ASrvW7WQbDFQA-2Fm8neYEtFid9NREIih9NRdBFpRdlc-2Fna12beSZ-2FU7hnNPLjv
gFLYAp2qHGzK6UB-2FnpgiNUitsdtdJi82IUGX3DNIJgn13MdE92snM3TNS9POyD5BZI87zp
v5E6p3YCBvcXw5m-2FCcwvZUa3Q6jGLrKnMKcr-2FjbN83Ph6Cjq7Z5FaOaTPDiOTn6ncXoH
NTSHNd7QtysS0OW47yJfcxWnC9pc2fc6xqQ6YFC-2F55amnvIJYRMKNmVQAW2b-2FPx-2B2D
-2FlKlfQ-3D-3D> 	 
 	 Enhancements everywhere 
 	 

We're always striving to improve your Plex experience, and you've told
us you want to keep up to date. We're glad you did. We've been working
on a number of enhancements and launching new features we know you'll
love. Plus we've added some great tips in this newsletter to help you
get the most out of Plex.

 	 
 	 What we've been doing 
 	 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOYyP1wZU6DPCRc577WK6un6c5j6s7GahFURzC219eeIZTCuOlRifmQsQdNkRG0
3ZqPqksAIftRo53491XGZvoRFlje-2F7IJxSjVAMt6CRKSTFger-2FBpbfHHFV-2FRtuYBu4
3DwHmy8pMe-2FHsybxSR-2B5G61SpkW7mmfakUmuawHczkt1g-3D-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYu
N-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8Hju
Tv6Qo1-2B35VEyIJUJxGD4gyahgtVjRUYzUEJ-2Fo4Uvsh0zfOXsWzmFUlJFNuknQ66l2DFQ
UU3kLEqS9e-2F-2BPuqsmg0CF3sRBau-2BH1Djjj9tb7Gq-2BSpOkcV1TkdGMc0bZDOGW72u
ygDM-2FtdhetZFzAtY2kVJP-2BRUoaEKlRXlZYWFtVhAjwcs8U3zXmmYGTGcnBeMDmRuCrr1
eWgaE2LFDMo5EqlB3GvMxjupxBSXbLfY3ZrdoDhqpHAbuNyQWqdwM7gxyUlek0EjiRqN9klj
GbzaW-2F7k3GX3bSC1JJGKHJbWsxZ7aA16lxNWPkmVs-2FpWNXYVYA-3D-3D>
Introducing Cloud Sync (beta)
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOYyP1wZU6DPCRc577WK6un6c5j6s7GahFURzC219eeIZTCuOlRifmQsQdNkRG0
3ZqPqksAIftRo53491XGZvoRFlje-2F7IJxSjVAMt6CRKSTFj9qlomF3YdXJkBAivph4ndzY
1de9cbwEFBgtK5fYLqQkDH2MQBdmLRoqYDZbCxL-2Fg-3D-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWc
FqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTp-2FU
HFNUcw0eM-2BObi2InW-2ByTVgLjgK19GvM3RYSq5OZ1Df8cKTQ04LJM9GTtBhTS0U581kIK
54wK1LsiCRHepLWhQpckUd9bfPxWn2Y1z3YKNyOXfpaAmyniIRrYy2QeNuNx89LhWE3t-2BP
JFWioy-2BpRAm0b6-2BGvjUL0aWdQdnHsc2T0BCza6HPknm0Qd4KJhC-2F0b0Z-2BKXdMtFd
Q8Ta8DYOUQUpPRDIDhgAcWyezBWeE99Es82OEwxRSDOwTZu3oEbn4d0kmEUUbfLwyVa-2Ft-
2B-2B3MCAsRl9KzxUmAXtHZ21lplJqtNn-2F-2BZ70SSzi-2FlhO20Jw-3D-3D>  

We know that streaming bandwidth and storage limitations can be
frustrating when sharing and enjoying your media, and we'd like to help.
Today, we're excited to launch Cloud Sync, which lets you sync your
media to places like DropBox
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0vW9Gqz0nluDUwc8GEUjnxB6ZkEXZ1Hs5
JZb07CQ9vA-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aG
CDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTrJBETFrjPBKG5wWNHzNQXbRA-2F-2FKUN8-2BdrBy
ctkPnfhM4gJC3ib5ZgxGtS-2FAIjIQGmmajq1fBuRyquSCGG8unMCGbQkrJiVsz1N5a-2Bfk
ygg9M-2BgI2lYcd2CHcUPyfXnLv5RZwCKIBHLJsBtLIeqet5y1gS-2FLOHRnWJgNiPbfDgXK
xkatcLwod2h0ppmzOaGPsfHnCeCmm62BPz3SO3kOwYngEqeNIoBC7neLMNi0gE8XPwYsQzUi
oLFaZnNShpNiaEJNd5f9TLWCa6dhZw3g4EOwnxNMcwrIis3ocjcMQxr3Vp30n9vPkAkFqsl3
O7zJkw-3D-3D> , Google Drive
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=Z3iYpvyb2hAZKgvCAvedmQK2FNEbaIn6U
k4XWRj7f50-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aG
CDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTs3e0palyDkf1VmhJKrhBnTNN4CgkrQ7hy-2FM8F1d
iHCgKvw6fhAsFDG5ZT4OsQA9X0jgi8ber39useCFipc5mO9LH9QT-2BpEbCSSV3v7Yy3mtyp
OBO61ZSfzu-2FcnKVkHOjVb02Unryz-2Fr-2Bm0r-2FfYZYRlEvfS1-2BHAhzyFVS6Q7TsNL
pSrcxQ7P6aP2L1Ox-2Fx5LUPwhCQPX18RbPUK8MfGb-2Bc4cSnu1v6NChGmasIZfUlDPAN7i
P1LCEUs-2FvUn8fT5BgrEef5wXBbJ-2BxlwAlGTFnpKhYlI-2B2TZh-2FfXZnwkovK2w4DMG
7NHjHG8aJMQ5n9hrmA-3D-3D>  and Box
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0vW9Gqz0nluDUwc8GEUjn3LjI1bOB6mJ6
N5GtZWNPSQ-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aG
CDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTkdRDKVD-2F5yUjb9olfOHKWvJ6ebr5U4iIPmT3vod
mm6ik-2F6Ab2rWhEwP0KatKFcf7V1Pfj939Ito5CZrN6MRVFUxAdaq3E-2BGfCxj8Belee0j
FB7iWBnNtBqJwVf-2FG-2BMXGLbxaH9abWAzg2aLnxRxpfsGGgwVI-2BZjn0xsGxZ-2BQuMa
USWh3arywKJ1bT2vcDf4pX2qGbf55ZS0V9V0E3fMPlJx0A4jN1zrUVcT1CIcLztmA9PI-2FE
edHhhe-2F5MgIIQQsYN2MxaKleKOciHw50KhaKP-2BT1MNXknbcyqysRupA8448bJMFVkym2
DlUrhldWoU4w-3D-3D> . Your media is automatically optimized for
streaming and uploaded along with the rich metadata you know and love.
It's like having a media server that's always on, even when your
computer at home is turned off. Cloud Sync is available to Plex Pass
subscribers.

You can learn more here
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOYyP1wZU6DPCRc577WK6un6c5j6s7GahFURzC219eeIZTCuOlRifmQsQdNkRG0
3ZqPqksAIftRo53491XGZvoRFlje-2F7IJxSjVAMt6CRKSTFkl0ee9PeOS1w-2FYVJ0Uo0mc
p-2BP-2BGSbhMzGrPchDykjh-2BOeHkie7jjFNen91ZT7Zohg-3D-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYu
N-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8Hju
TjGIElEf4HisT4FPLBwWff-2B-2BVBN1FnxbcJoe69XMuiRaHu9A8vVcNrKWa9t2ojrV7ATi
RUzQkKv9hA7tGj3PdcKePiDcn6zuZlaT0JJvTWJauv3hff-2FU9iLmiT0Z2C7634dUib8OQP
9lMsn6PT1CQvUXbymWHU7i23n5mPQkZ9WRvftU8ERNmrIFKgx70-2BtWtzcwkH8SD-2B9w18
TLNEtoUq0CqF73fWLeQcTBd-2FMTL3B5XRekiUipmDHKj3llQnHitEsJSDTBJQIESLfHdpoC
PM8xxY03iUoXA90cnshoKHsKNYUWQuCi0ivP-2BK-2BBrhP-2Blw-3D-3D> .

 	 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOYyP1wZU6DPCRc577WK6un6c5j6s7GahFURzC219eeIZTCuOlRifmQsQdNkRG0
3ZqPqksAIftRo53491XGZvoRFlje-2F7IJxSjVAMt6CRKSTFrxaCO7X79hdc7H7pdYkcOYmJ
e2CSAHZ3GY6K3zL3GsXKY9vUPgBDLJRnMivVKzBOg-3D-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFq
YOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuToj7RGUu
XlYHo7uT1-2B9zz7CAViOOdZt4WWOT9gTDOV9UDOZcGe46SEcu-2BDfwSlFm9MctqMmgXgZE
WTwPyj0wvH5WufUeUTsJQg4TqRhi8WAc9ycODKjZfLY6FuaN6tFfhJ0H81yHSo7Xs5G-2FO-
2BV570obMYiCL8m3AyLBpRR5Tf0O8wSeQGdSllNbWc4sUpeKEeJmf1lzZkb97ezvNYzElS2m
weMeFtDkdu3NyWkJm5EFGwSEI4cs6hYoaq1TJSwaAYBThYHKzuEusrFYWpsaQP-2FU5ls-2F
woLKn7G1zqIPO8fKZTlf8t183Ujt2wMIAD2sqQ-3D-3D> 	 
Both myPlex and Plex Media Server get a boost
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOYyP1wZU6DPCRc577WK6un6c5j6s7GahFURzC219eeIZTCuOlRifmQsQdNkRG0
3ZqPqksAIftRo53491XGZvoRFlje-2F7IJxSjVAMt6CRKSTFrXCF09K64iMSJ-2BK7YqETl5
YQCFJrMPHR2PSU9y9Pl-2B8GSWsmlKHNAkmExVrx0jQRw-3D-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2F
WcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTlKx
yW-2BLHsCDk8BhW0Dx52x4ZGpC1gBlGBtPZByo9tZm7LloYv-2Fb9US79Ig2TFHd62HIsEW3
tH-2BTLZvepHS1IoIiW9gweyEpqAs6q2SutaY06w7gt3xEKnjDZZdzbgnLhwYOveUtzflarA
UZkj4leRggNoWQ4BWpbr0LOBF-2FC30Rba-2Fyx-2FvqviJEzrY1wbXPpxTWjX9qOOLd3CZq
cTC0jPC-2Ff6m2eAHimQz1NSFchvIcJXfhOz7RldYiX1e4D-2B4skfAgG7itfGCJAfCucg2Z
mkaMZ4PZRlN-2Bwkknt-2Bg51txOBkVWMUi89NFWJxRjN0oVUg-3D-3D>  

We've made your queue and recommendations load up to 10 times faster.
We've also greatly sped up scanning media into your library. The quicker
it gets into your library, the quicker you can enjoy it across all your
Plex apps, right? Movies, TV, music and photos all scan at least three
times faster, and scanning has also been made more reliable. So, if it
feels like someone pressed turbo on your Plex, that's because we did.

 	 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOY5O3uWZ38JOS1bNSd8St-2BZOv9oBtZj4bT9xDQ3tYUVCsbCPAZxlwfSYDWUY
FVRLL8I9soJLuaYcYDgE9kJnhX-2Fi-2BrZ-2FSVLDnQHWJJQiFsyIU64FQbg-2B8-2FScWm
qlX0eKbITr2PPjT6-2F5nc4d0hAnqFVoe7oTj0F4z-2B5PD56aKnzadSKZ1y2y4u8KXTMs2E
OXf0-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2B
MA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuToRcUTBChJMdKxWwRvIJiclu639POlFtGwdN-2BXj9YaYufY
hk-2FeZMVmUPCb077gRPl4mS9LmJOY34mijMD0ym1ynVBzR2XDCqaQSsAmlIdVGL15hN6F-2
BfjF8CaE84W-2B-2BvQ8I9GcUEL-2BCDukXXmi2x-2BughhU-2FXC1KKKEZYrXgL3GsRPE7o
Yd9jjlXP5-2B1iBhH1BQt0JXzrFKrsTdzCM4aMKXe3w9CDye1ZMuLp4wMK8Up3mylejs1TXc
UuAtjICdZmzQ7GkdDEOq-2BfJ2RNFYrl2bGLNMW9-2FYmCVyVmKHWdntHSf4FasR3sqVR7CG
E0-2Bne59Q-3D-3D> 	  	 
The new bookmarklet: Save, Recommend, Fling!
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOY5O3uWZ38JOS1bNSd8St-2BZOv9oBtZj4bT9xDQ3tYUVCsbCPAZxlwfSYDWUY
FVRLL8I9soJLuaYcYDgE9kJnhX-2Fi-2BrZ-2FSVLDnQHWJJQiFsyIU64FQbg-2B8-2FScWm
qlX0eKbIKPClRuGSZxr2ox6sgqrSFq-2FuORro1FMqoSSzWz9N9vIp-2Fo-2FIOajuKfqXqD
sN1c4s-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-
2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTt-2FOh1z10gokE5K3l9H7V5vNR-2Bi7Qv866FvBaGwLlO
I7b2jwQySuQA-2F13B-2Fm8LaS-2BavTgnWbzauDGQkuvnc6G93ZZuitfnZaTLh7Kr1THkrk
ANBd-2Bdn7hnUZNRSRwXI-2Bg3I-2FvX4LLumONgW1KITM9pQkgItEo4zYA9VaYl8KbWRg9v
J2hY-2B3IVYBeJSdeGjPNXnQS6RoUpSpUIZqTYiOTot44nLvMjx1A3P0EEwiJCm7RynLX8Hz
zzrLqlKcX7keOFBhHBOH0Hf2ElO2RmQpBsWh56f8WU1hkmmEQQRNzk1g0GBeJbR5jxGXS9gh
H7XeYA-3D-3D>  

The Plex bookmarklet
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvhwCVLVShKEPoD
Dl-2BYEYHvOY5O3uWZ38JOS1bNSd8St-2BZOv9oBtZj4bT9xDQ3tYUVCsbCPAZxlwfSYDWUY
FVRLL8I9soJLuaYcYDgE9kJnhX-2Fi-2BrZ-2FSVLDnQHWJJQiFsyIU64FQbg-2B8-2FScWm
qlX0eKbKHZOJV776VLXzP3l8mRCKSlPZPOjopR3S3WsZR21yKxynQGQ4qdWBzHXLxH7D-2By
Bc-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA
4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTgighKwLGKnNoo7sr66MssBbdGkzCcOoM9xbTeSbCdAPUXtzu9
kiIWFffhgjxr2KSqg-2BubYTg3Qj-2FZSwoODBkdlO81wLVbO3WaF7MF5Idcg9sOcifvvLvY
1iJpI8wcGI8SGm4VZ1ByS9JUDVvQH6skBb2dooGqkPHX-2F-2BRq-2FHgF4g1N5WRFCq3ZL-
2FwZSLxbDGragX8cEPRYsRX5FITuza21Yx3nfpnBf6fA3jmuEVI-2B39qAvYxArg0r-2F1O0
tI8-2Ba4dKdHLiEbEGhJtoeaKkqkd2pdY6m2Yg1vsho-2FdiM5kadf2hzDMDyeW-2FyhuFMK
5D9VYA-3D-3D>  lets you save videos from your favorite online sites to
queue up for later viewing on Plex. We've made huge improvements
including a streamlined look and feel and an easier way to recommend
videos to friends. Now you can also find a video you like on your laptop
and watch instantly on your Plex-connected TV. 

Simply add the "Plex It" button to your browser
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=ejCSBDxrPk-2FIIrTMLiTJEre1R8swioQ
wgbBzhGFJmn9vx7Wh7TEe6LGdttX8qModQ6dhvQ3pe-2BO-2BpITJMz2trIO-2BUuFVtF9jq
pYhpzdoMoYlPZo6vXYOJlOTSPWmBFxHmM3BYsFcZszCXppPBpkC5-2BkT2cwSksMtvgldQiC
eH1M3EFKdUtdSCuZ5xjK9rG4Y_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAow
S465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTt-2BhInR-2BrYVIeogtetQh7QRRAF
mKNAxiamO47d61dRoiRjZjhtDqafJYyW5Bp-2FSg62EbtPvrlWsa7L9ns4TmT-2FNwNyjOLZ
7woquDWQW-2FAv67-2FK7dzGO6Cv0KxzzSFUnjKg4pc7hxGNUcL18nuQJLrTpACQWue5r3cV
en-2FpC9BTfW5kTCOkqovEvqsBMSp7NvwxJCH4XO98WRkfC-2B2jO6cRwWkkEPBAoxooIuka
J9oQ9xCKrmKuq1XD54AjPObfK2XxxCQJpjIb1ezUMIjzFpDsB50h-2BPrNbKelEE7TfAyduL
4EjDbCt68hJwNWfEjWqpPg-3D-3D>  and start flinging.

 	 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=ejCSBDxrPk-2FIIrTMLiTJEsItp8U-2BU
kIgJ68ZAnscYmWFCd7uYPUD5Sy9aNJB3WBAgqt80kaVoo-2BQE1LryUFiJdJxCPK8ihEpUCT
ohofg-2B0nZFCR2Q2MlvvFxsM9q1DdSJV6iRKpIBpRqLjv3uFmphmcY7IxptseB-2Bytbs2G
gMNVu-2FbNq7lVC82VMXXGRCEwj_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tA
owS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTsKasWbXFU6iNNdWYnFI05JaARhc
hSH5AuynBwL3phsEhlZn4l8jMhS8-2BdrNU11eDzU4Kop-2Fri-2FCJJx25EXCUi7fRkg5DI
ynQ42G46A4jhi3STivXQOuIhZkuijjkmxnsALRZ9Ij9ptTpzHLGJ-2FL3z6-2BfthjKsz-2F
sL3mSLs21RshzcpLJsE-2Bun6VkBrgaJl1sRD4G4dXTIOH-2FAejlnGUpwhLBhYBkvmBS7oF
UA4uxeQGokgTIp9Kph-2B8PNVLJ4an8ZHOAzLYdRBkzyvz8eLuUUCFKqwsxT8il9RzFpYYQ8
4vhFWiYIFb-2B6EyDQkIlG6LhA-3D-3D> 	 
Plex Pass
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=ejCSBDxrPk-2FIIrTMLiTJEsItp8U-2BU
kIgJ68ZAnscYmWFCd7uYPUD5Sy9aNJB3WBAgqt80kaVoo-2BQE1LryUFiJdJxCPK8ihEpUCT
ohofg-2B0nZFCR2Q2MlvvFxsM9q1DdSXMO7iUAzDAW3iN53a4zk89h5RBArncnCHMO9EA2IF
XN7n8zqK8X9Nm1csfxS8Bd4_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS4
65oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTqaVjdzQ6ZeW9ZEXblmHMZTAev4rfvjK
Usi6fVB0ESb9nxc5Hv53nmtpohmm7zW-2Ba4qBCO3WAxKewkBfDD9rtF-2FzS7Gc5BQLH0R9
y3I-2FAkz49OXZnz68o7n-2BbqnRUI7eY8UMzG46pKoPytw-2Blh3RMG-2F-2BvNK4zAWGzo
3vLH7L2Q2FzUL5ByExve0FwVrZ6dhVYP8IfxyFm1V8yv-2BzYmhQg8ptSUV3N2Za80jHbDv7
jPSg3zu65beiOCM5mnwVt5BlVeK7RFePbTNvHLRuyyD-2FN-2FQvsZVqY89ulQtZHzUi6ZUw
N4xkRwkwg7ouc5KnfjoCpg-3D-3D>  

A Plex Pass subscription
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=ejCSBDxrPk-2FIIrTMLiTJEsItp8U-2BU
kIgJ68ZAnscYmUX8aWH7bz5pa6AEmtJNuGervvUGlpNzsvj9Ez3hnlWobnzD8NQOmq95cP7m
c9x8ZWVhx3aZdZXnSN1SLmDOS4pCW1GSpS3nrs9XxxsTxHvSBY5bhmiD9-2FiMqEIRbZjDXv
ILmmJ6HNUGto5AZuYD9A4_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465
oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTkUs9PHa4xUDxjemRt53iA2spTeUVlZvNG
JltHxMI4vzP-2B-2BSVEvJ0xSFW7c25ORqypdyrOhWZKH7d9kAKw1ffv998r546dCmAuR7-2
Fsli2Y3zshoA8bSfbYImTQp-2FWdpL88mZTvSi-2B2-2B2GM9JzFrIiNJnv0iw7Ygws9-2FI
zsRdsBcYpqBoNh0SXvhP86RX1lEB7uQ5zL3Qt3uqIwlAdVKxUAwQ4JNIvDeREGUbw7Q3cw-2
FNQOjmdZWePbN4rmLz9ZAr8f-2F0Oj1ImxybfDbQPZCdxbyk9-2B-2FS3pz9BSQk45HPP5MZ
Yazlq5fnD8i2f-2BaJUwNU5Q-3D-3D>  gets you more of the good stuff and
fuels our development. You can enjoy access to new features like Cloud
Sync along with upgrades to existing ones like Plex Home Theater.

Learn more and get your Plex Pass here.
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=ejCSBDxrPk-2FIIrTMLiTJEsItp8U-2BU
kIgJ68ZAnscYmUX8aWH7bz5pa6AEmtJNuGervvUGlpNzsvj9Ez3hnlWobnzD8NQOmq95cP7m
c9x8ZWVhx3aZdZXnSN1SLmDOS4p9v1BmcVnUviA98A2aIuDODgR8EMkEOPHcT5jivfVQaY2r
f2FMdm7ivFJz-2FL8HMp0_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465
oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTmALZX9xfdVMN-2FmcjV-2FzNHqrNV7APQ
AVs7GjqvhU7fL60-2BpBLb7oayxdUOOXAqqhZQB-2FKHx0NYa09Jck0eJG5TWFJSakF4D3Yc
KAP4bT-2FMCQROWVy-2Fdxme6576XAZ4VX3m9J4DgGWPDQrAKj0n9AeKhA91IwCTHRvTHRPx
sjVLG2nW6-2BDKPXFnm-2B91g-2Br4rxgMzCw-2FRTMwfpZm78-2BXom2uO8Ksg06IaB2V0I
HVScRPDJ-2FLabqxOpZVhzsoIrAKO0PKoCAR7pXCaogUnEbU-2Fl8-2FP-2FaGfTgLhz-2FL
c604WvvYBchlTkBsHDSf27qIL5cKOKCw-3D-3D> 

 	 
 	 Get the most out of Plex 
 	 
Sync with your favorite shows 

Plex Sync lets you save your media on your iOS and Android devices. If
you're following a TV series, there's an easy way to make sure you
always have the next episodes ready for watching. Simply sync each TV
show, select the "unwatched" option, and pick the number of episodes
you'd like to have available offline. That way, no matter where you're
watching the show, Plex will keep you entertained. Plex Sync is another
great reason to sign up for Plex Pass
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=ejCSBDxrPk-2FIIrTMLiTJEsItp8U-2BU
kIgJ68ZAnscYmUX8aWH7bz5pa6AEmtJNuGervvUGlpNzsvj9Ez3hnlWobnzD8NQOmq95cP7m
c9x8ZWVhx3aZdZXnSN1SLmDOS4pUe01IQ4PFiH11BDba5ZqRqOcsQn-2BcjNh1R1a7dS5YUy
nbKjH3FXE0V0E0uXTrBLv_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465
oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTmHo4ZZYvIHvI0sNf6VTdWwCXZOQYsyZr-
2Bs-2ByvP13EjNg4jMCNsSPb-2BF2XWQvUZ8k9AgJNgoo-2BMf0mNvTh2KOgFc5iw4MFi8IM
Z7gC7c7o0yuix4S8yQNj3GQkVYKzHzle3osc3C9f-2B-2F0WyEM-2FRptQWL4XwUOWDq0Pqr
WVbVN6KN0usZFDhGWNNBY8yCKUHLU89vIdllH65ispL71l9OBHk02qqXiGsNZMM7u9PM-2Fj
FdusBXnUvPmk4COzNQ7xWzSKaJGGCw9CfAyDXlD8fbI3KrUm4VMm5UrsG-2BwGAWBmWClhQj
I4XAdeFQsgxRe-2FaF8g-3D-3D> .

Use your phone as a server at your friend's house 

Did you know you can play your synced content (if you have a Plex Pass)
and view content from your iOS photo albums (even if you don't have a
Plex Pass) on any other Plex app? It's true! You can go over to a
friend's house, and your iOS or Android device will show up as a Plex
server, so you can browse and play synced content on their Roku, Google
TV, Plex for Home Theater, Plex for Android or even another iOS device.

Adjusting video streaming quality 

When streaming to your mobile devices over WiFi or cellular, the amount
of bandwidth varies widely. Even as you walk around your house, the
signal level varies, which can affect the speed of data to your device.
If your video is pausing or buffering, it's probably time to lower the
quality. On Android you can do this right in the player, simply tap the
settings icon and adjust the quality. On other Plex apps there are
quality settings in the preferences area you can adjust.

 	 
 	 What people are saying about us 
 	 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4ghQsvLZnS6RB
Ec-2F5YEjlNdbMNzspGHJVavrUrNjEb6q_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYY
c877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTrO8eNX1pB-2FK9pQz7Xp0
EGbSneAalLxC2JyegWfvhzwaZFq-2Ba54ecAu8uNUPkTQgQwAO0tQj1mdSSTsWmSDKV6P9EJ
FIwQpAE0f45wYqTrDYGnMuIbjY-2Br2JNKDSN4fiQWcWqP0iGPmSdowpEwkUMC1sRmhE5cB6
ljHnOm2S-2F40uyqyCsLeit3uVCI1roTKugn5BNIKy0Sr0UjzAVqxvb41LnbdW-2BXul8aeN
eRZ2cLjQ04ITcoZyxJdS0buo4AQ2V8lIT4SJ-2B6f29ow09a4kKaJbpZ-2FpOueVb29nKAOP
HG8vWunoRZY5m9MdJS9fw9Ktjg-3D-3D> 	
 
<http://static.sendgrid.com/uploads/UID_475774_NL_2081755_902a4116396d21
7098defef3ea3f4328/f285ffa9a419c6f269743a84a677f750> Jon Olsen@burnunit
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4ghQsvLZnS6RB
Ec-2F5YEjlNdbMNzspGHJVavrUrNjEb6q_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYY
c877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTvDkd4UD7ZmHKsrZxKxBa6
3kA6leLjil9waG98h3DfM4rNRseBzds1T0958jgfxYu7-2FLln4k58PYRgfX-2FdMVy5dMKD
kuw9OEAG7pIKUXcUvDq0vlVxLNQ-2BU7uJsYG8EavtYXztgZ6WbeFoAx3bHyYQSoUBjaRw0H
nkrcEiZng4bMU0Rk7tS6DLvViTylYT14680nJLZxAIAph4soYTm-2Brbqc91nkDnMyQytmOP
egGxPA8fapisl3H2i9-2FR4joDFymUEgKKYxHFMxGaiiSKBKu5U6cALRDhLf73M-2Fs2NX7h
TucANJ0stEWYSrZHrfmIvnaw-3D-3D>  
"I've just liberated my media across time and space with Plex Media
Server. I am become SHIVA THE SHATTERER OF WORLDS!" 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4l9zGR34dQ1id
XpwwgIDT-2F0wJIssACw7Cse-2BbsLUecMH_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDL
YYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTvI1MwZfjQpkkXKG23i0
lf0FJlFrexEpqCOBJQYKxW4oX8xjHlxDBOmXDQ1dcZQLiPdDECBYV7lAU6v33lM5Mv6dutg7
06IebUbi8pxce4s0-2FJ57IbUlPOO0cNiim7eE4kHsgAFipEj6KtAT6Zj1rM24qYGyyqOUwx
UlUzt-2FBCdCnhKrtFS4-2FEoblxZM-2BqRZSABEPq96qujbWX-2B-2BJzIACsKme8uLmJoS
tbq8ywkypUbrF1Pl6nUU6VXcPWEYRjU1hD-2FfS7fenU-2F3QYgvnKB4d0aIGPxW8bOcjvq7
TwcmPkM9tScKWqeshsNOIr-2BHXLmcGg-3D-3D> 	
 
<http://static.sendgrid.com/uploads/UID_475774_NL_2081755_902a4116396d21
7098defef3ea3f4328/f285ffa9a419c6f269743a84a677f750> Tom@tomlagona
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4l9zGR34dQ1id
XpwwgIDT-2F0wJIssACw7Cse-2BbsLUecMH_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDL
YYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTs0olDdybE8yBWf4OiAY
6pOU1iLw6xwbtthmsTGD8RecT3uhh-2BDSADYUJQK9BI8DS-2Bys944R02iiBQajEh0f-2Bd
FlJVQLs6NMRuSLx3NVcKnwcZKLYhuvMtGnwxcJawNDRC8LVZF9eKMGNigR33dowCkk-2Bz83
J2yuqAHgWMFJX2PyOb7HUFMEt7GLA4v5As01G3RbELtOdq0uoROThCmbOvVwzv6m821uxc3X
Q1EgBQzjfjNT6FH8my5qymkTOEnOWXUJSLAQw0p-2BP6kwIrq9NcH4G04QCNUq6N2wBllpip
gvC-2F0uSjsuyFZzNDoRnSGEgw-3D-3D>  
"This is getting better and better! I love the Android app and being
able to share media! Can't believe i just learned about this." 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4vJgCxUjZVtKs
e8vmlHdFclSDkcPFZLHsGLuTw9LvHVX_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc8
77tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTnTVKr-2BYg-2BLEDxB9qKpZ
Tqks5i9qrxcY1-2BiLh1OxXxgUAO2hhzT8cf93xd5NyMuO0lRW145nurs0C6CM3zhb5ZoMjp
90zG-2BRFCClegcgFv2141kIzcX09Ti6f6PZS24vJW8fYJbyE5uYu0trPzLCxGPDKI5vnpr1
4-2BEyxINLjSVpYMqOT54mABOsk3pGxaL2QgWbFhg9VXFu8BJ7InBnoJ6itQxNbO3kEHjmgI
OI8TT0N-2FuN-2BXc2tpbOS-2FLtIJ1j6S6b6QIi78kHaxJLJGs-2B2XfsfkS1IlAj3OzVjj
FswGzvlPggJRsSydzmTvGEuWK9TA-3D-3D> 	
 
<http://static.sendgrid.com/uploads/UID_475774_NL_2081755_902a4116396d21
7098defef3ea3f4328/f285ffa9a419c6f269743a84a677f750> Patrick M@whak
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4vJgCxUjZVtKs
e8vmlHdFclSDkcPFZLHsGLuTw9LvHVX_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc8
77tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTjVXIIiTey1uKz1I9yIGoGVG
hVqK1A5LTBs4CUNeWjuybs-2BS9Krj-2FgJIbmwP2tMdxesq5G-2FjXGzHczxtDQsc5sFx54
7jEORrUflbBzgMqb1XXjPnCNyr1gWGvR78-2BWNstam7WZscXNoQzgJE24kKXH5xMH3ZgMKK
o-2FgGOyZWirT9OOD6eSVqWubCYPTvSU1JVaDPoGj7iuk2Ve7BLNMi33FKGlOL5trfqETMgx
3MEHKQ3b1Jyn-2BH33SpLIossWIBBtnTPW244Rf4T7Hxj1WIBZaDu1tPP2g2Xx6uHLOF9Uuz
ZHCCMVnBaXUUdJTFsfB7dA-3D-3D>  
"Whoa. Just discovered Plex. I think it's time to build that home
theatre streaming media server. Cause winter's almost here, y'all." 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4jao-2BZkIhp8
1vQirKlaXPSa3BzaWhNbiThx4jS-2FJZ7Ds_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDL
YYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTupewZod8HExlrE2NMyB
7XEzko5-2F-2FsQGHMVnu3tNzSMB-2F3Y05SPNqx168QLO1Len5-2FWKWthUqGl6EaY7tHHC
F-2FP7yKftSHnYHIS-2FZa-2FRq-2BHBjshpzC5-2BiCgXN1028vVtKM8-2BhWX0ja-2FIMT
L-2BVhSCyWle4SGsvJtaNHxNf8f2eIENVbMHL4UFAUHYLG2siOB2GDkhu325npD7936OE-2B
rGuhV6PilGbZks1QHm49P3Kc6-2F4SeLLWg9B9m6HJ5LkoVvM1mUnKw3Ohbtmt6yZpl8iv-2
B4Q4gy-2F5fnpeUv1TtZU9Ywi7N0TfJ587hUF87uIL-2Fkmg-3D-3D> 	
 
<http://static.sendgrid.com/uploads/UID_475774_NL_2081755_902a4116396d21
7098defef3ea3f4328/f285ffa9a419c6f269743a84a677f750> Alegeek@Thealegeek
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4jao-2BZkIhp8
1vQirKlaXPSa3BzaWhNbiThx4jS-2FJZ7Ds_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDL
YYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTvrMbU5J4cWGQsInEPu1
r1x44B6qhomA3E0KyRTSFyVEM3F1riPNkXx78APF-2Fk3IVwYQZa8d6YfW27J7q1-2FS9jC3
g7sGylLJimGav6SK9wG5S7BFcsf2Jk-2BVo0QOqb5ePo0M-2FJTyFfxzI9zLaJRp-2FAjW4r
hhLReWXo474LAz6syqT5DWmuFUOtMJ8xTTKNh5-2BTxJ-2BADTwiE9Bc32A24uYbGW79YgaX
qTZxSXVc85W7hCoiDF5Vn5g1hVwH5g4qWYkyKMaZHGs5iC7stZPF57aSy8XONwiS33RTWUlw
-2BqC-2B2CIDdxxkg1oZrYKAURRXehwA-3D-3D>  
"Upgraded to 0.9.8.8, that was nice and easy :) The PlexPass is
certainly worth the investment." 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4hnLXM-2Fz2Qh
riZ3aXihHo0Pho-2BTykPh8hq6so-2Be5yJ-2Fl_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2n
HPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTkDwW0cM3BRAbfln
TbT6aw2mdHEGvwTDRD0RCEogGV7TAM2Wdu5mc0QJ2G3HnnjF8PdoD6csiHVtdFAWJTzPIWIJ
a-2B-2BAOZNRJ97DPSAie5MwDb5Tn5AUKU-2Foutq-2FZA-2B-2FNIcs5hvyJGYFWN7QTGpq
yvizBzsuFp2-2BlRtTzyhSl0CxO7lP1v3LwgjTiHtHUx3domFUFU9Cnn-2Bo5lV1OZPS-2FN
7BB2YE3njhXgycl9mejXeDVoTcQpo4uNH2jsEnehuKajS16GJsAm5nbIQIPem16WxQWc0qnD
QmlG7skBsxHj0pbZR-2Bc3frm1U-2BCB-2BWxokfGA-3D-3D> 	
 
<http://static.sendgrid.com/uploads/UID_475774_NL_2081755_902a4116396d21
7098defef3ea3f4328/a15a9512c5d6e3237b7c03548fde3f19> Adam
Magnani@OWoboros
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4hnLXM-2Fz2Qh
riZ3aXihHo0Pho-2BTykPh8hq6so-2Be5yJ-2Fl_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2n
HPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTqB1czt8OSOXUZlC
Hum2-2B0HsQvb7e-2FehYzgP3n3-2FHTS36QlVGnwOqxoKAgc-2B-2Fj0IJzyr-2BTn94KH9
A5fDJDFZggKYYvYVOiFEyEUBOiYLIOdWrYRSD3zoh-2FkOEpYIvf1Udr5tLFRNQsAv-2FKnl
b0oddDvHax0zaPs12PqD6TU3X3vdeRh4VZpZerTveh8PAY3Unvr-2FXDy7ISWUlJujgseO88
oOtPj59RB6DW6HCo-2BrfWNvKW8lkpDdRh1qR-2Bs0oYtRITLNFzA-2BzHaS0f-2B-2BnRGF
dq6gdBucIfgmtzXcg0NqUr0-2BRuG8VTxLkDFWNRlFgA0iuQ-3D-3D>  
"I love you guys. PLEX makes me and my very spread out family so happy.
I can't thank you enough. I've bought my lifetime PlexPass and i can't
wait to see what get's baked in next." 
 	 
 	 Join the conversation 
 	 

We thrive on your feedback and what we build is driven by your input, so
join us. Follow us on Twitter
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=rJaioOyUphBD2OEoq8NcWihu7HYESXcZW
ukc1r66lXnEexhi4pMdqs0iVc-2BT8nR9_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYY
c877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTv-2B7PxYkycXUXPqYyMq2
F8dnbq7TAFx5-2FNitmmMIzqmpCtzXrppU-2BSATshSpz0sxNaAJr04u-2FHX1CbmEy-2Fyx
dgp8LPtZyFIdC59wGZGpRMha60yU5T1EUjZvYZVcADeMi5FZ1SlvqOVW1mqFuwhxiMWYwqtz
TX-2FG-2FEROQash707gkxxHW3AMVTjKXtv9-2FYZfICmb4heaJvbOYvGrLPcfcXS86WvabN
Fy-2BPUUIP-2F18K0W-2FrJhsllJt7OZUQDxKaUgUYdPlV4nykMEJyKM9j6u-2FxZGOV2ACs
mOYhOVtzlwh3Vs4T3gMWc0fr2LEf4tGQOd3A-3D-3D>  and Facebook
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=KSq-2Fh2G1t3MxflcaP4SZY3TuS98duXm
2hk81ZxFNOb9vRH1ZBOn1QPJIw0ox-2F3Gk_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDL
YYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTptk-2FJGqu4nLAOPwop
xe8DmKPJM3V1VYARqfJfVJ2mE9RXAuxNiPe1SKuAYOGAGmKwXlSV-2FbIj34w9BHGxDMMgvS
kXFMA4FrBvs5Z1E0DXftd4xchimnCsuydRnRKQnfT77YPvzeMq7d9vnqObbD-2FOAFUYG9wd
F2Qz9XepvhCzxMa3iKVFnQFT2w5-2BoB-2FSkOkehREkyRIRmy4V5jud2msRWHz7I-2BX46H
Yn-2B5mk5qIPYe8-2BNBNTQ65e4RrdUhZm7aZ5-2FO2nfvRI1fT5v4W09hyEiqL9UZkmhGfH
ew8WHyAfykda9S78-2Fe0SNRZdcas9qI-2Bg-3D-3D> . Contribute to the forum
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0a4lWH0al0nxXUhbViBwHc6pd9B3TllbI
lf84EdhmqDjAOE4mrAp6Yx6pJRlvOySG4ctvfnzaiVatKEwVFFrySnJXVx3cOJeAKAGjystQ
-2BASgggI4UpAQ-2FyuGnV00k7wHN6X3TuWubMw3cWWuhDrDu5SmAcZ2ZgQTEFne2Bzru0-3
D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4Rkd
B0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTho17amlvPs6BNd-2BVOVzH3bgzSLA0lHW8Bs2ITESS5og48-2B9Py
GKsbQdwDAjqNG759rihPsDs4mtwfQkqG9EPdcBG1dFsQEEZ-2FHRT-2Fo-2FPB0TWN1JhOZG
kNIT0KfGTAx6QvXWqVerPH-2BHB7AxKEFIi6hfr0OdJoJUoqVDtkNgaYE5J4PBJSXJIwRnYg
7mgpUC9r3nxXCKp5BuTd5p0SeAAKNNURn4KsIq-2BQyAWn37OXl6dH3nuM1TcpxcYvIlr6We
52wrj2iS4CB122nnMaeuA01C6Y-2B1IpMEhpqtJUKiBO1kKAGcd1U-2BkcsnbR3KXIIG3A-3
D-3D> . Read the blog
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=d59e2PVaPRFYBJaYNFFvh92sepj-2FUlm
urVlbxioyKVX2oedgt41ZOAxjXN7GOYsuw3ccG1NAHqlBALbfR8E2DCxP61cBdu4MJjISDto
vPXIZncS2iJMWpgZ7nVT7uqWbYyYTopEdzKKl8nGuVfG56wYPbINB0srR-2FU43x11mnPM-3
D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4Rkd
B0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTpzUdJBVD0Wnse3UwUIEGFTzBY8Tcjjb1o5CBumZCPSjvh-2BlztHJ
-2Fas9iqEx37exOmzRZ-2BfdWhq8G5WLCg9UHsKeSqc9CfxNA-2BhZoB4pBltyxkgziExhIQ
gqtvtAb6lvZe-2FoyUBp7uVmnvPzLrF-2F8vIsHJ0-2FEaHXHFmqOiK-2B2LVCZpjzir8Yqf
KxRESctWUuBYzHqf6RPq2i81As854jbF4xZS3FbsoBkmYCaUlTUevOCPGz7km3js490lbTLr
QmbpZtlJcXdwLeYt-2FA2w4ngxL3IFgfGvwEy3a8vMtiaTRgB5Un5yRqUrOtolcrurpTzw-3
D-3D>  and leave your comments. This social media thing might be
catching on after all.

 	 
 	 Plex runs on 
 	 
 	 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0vW9Gqz0nluDUwc8GEUjn3J9G2HQ12AVU
PWVTP6MnBl8gcf1hem6YsL4Ko-2Fsuojkkfbq2I8sO3WQqe9SHc0v86nyxYvVh-2FPDXKRkU
ixTbajKKTl5CEQRT5dNOStSU2HCG49fi4CqZbv-2BEWx4lHg6iwdW-2Fi02hC00QmTYk2ZaE
GI-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA
4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTh6ryshPy4YbdtYIMD16I0MGeEvklQ-2BTVroglKYZ-2FivXzV
hxurZet2SJ6ig2ZEOdtPzBLacsjjwFcD5oka0OSihiVq0srlDBem4bkMcu1ZCDEWvwA65XrP
bX02rKw8VXDEVNKkVi7lXjotHy-2F85wUnCWzr-2BqPFcuM-2F5E7fG2G6SduyD7vPuyAC1N
ERRDdybB2O5KqGe48doM0XHDZPr7K1tBGOXCfbnJudizrWtR5-2Fc5Zdn5lNUQZxUsvKALrU
x9WfOK-2Bobw5xCi7PXR9A1leXkVPkroGM3pfom-2FAl-2BZv6RYC-2F0a0pV1sXKgiG0V7R
Y-2F5A-3D-3D>  	
 	 
 	 ...and is fueled by Barkley 
 	 
 
<http://static.sendgrid.com/uploads/UID_475774_NL_2255525_17df4b30db08db
a3fc588b71dc1615a4/a25f24532f5bb30a921d7243c37a8099> 	
	
You have received this email because you have subscribed to Plex
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0vW9Gqz0nluDUwc8GEUjn3J9G2HQ12AVU
PWVTP6MnBl8gcf1hem6YsL4Ko-2Fsuojkkfbq2I8sO3WQqe9SHc0v86nyxYvVh-2FPDXKRkU
ixTbaim0pT3ek-2F398WgJM62poGbf9zjPyvSXYvtZpxOt6DjyIqVY6hrevm-2F0VjR2wuu3
nI-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA
4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTqU91IvMhiuPvmrSBxQabRPw8KHEBTEtHIcNiSqS-2FZ2v100J
MoIiobwmwUHGSlLY689Clud9wGpZtB-2F-2FIQocSb5Us6t1xaD07T-2BdJ08J6Kjg5GYb6f
Bm0qDtv6ZgDmEdjNJHKk4n8upVdktUEN8Wxa0OiIZjD4bkXUivw3kiTy8uvHgUVPGzD0eIjc
XOewd9iGHoUfUh4Yl7cLlyF4d37Snt6tyjyEpFzMsuwV1lnk7TKKNI2-2BdJPyJ9XUgFw-2B
ZeyCB5U8pXjUmhDmnMAFJoWIlj-2FHinR3xzLUuPQoyKKgYWM2MUHWUXDb3BBBjIQ19Mpw-3
D-3D> . If you no longer wish to receive emails please unsubscribe
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/unsubscribe?upn=rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOA
oqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTvLmHJxG7E-
2F8F1a-2BV48goSPFJV515kvSgXvr-2BuaS3xHihkKlZYZGI8iD-2Bgz-2B0l8L7-2FkwZPG
idpYNtG7nCQ9oO5vL0NYmlk3vT6irF0DjU9IGPEfvNIRg-2FzfkcXNlMZHlqOJ3PlP37fTae
qL3QjpndyiTbXZH2TDcAX8RUVWkbjmzns-2FzLOn-2BwmD5hwkMgb5h3AFaBsfGfIwFc8ZUj
1pt5DSqulPkSLSb-2FvGH-2FK-2FLbam09TyWaTg2t-2BR8Oa1jAZO6-2Filx6MhhJcwvo-2
B0JX4n7GoLjahXdhaX9Q9qcO05NInpq3bg2GLWosmlbxDxCwn2m0Q-3D-3D>  
© 2013 Plex, Inc. All rights reserved 
 
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4hnLXM-2Fz2Qh
riZ3aXihHo0M-2BPUdjUGH4CvGDVULiUxqJ_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDL
YYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTqiiGRry26Ba5yMZpzHr
wxy3rf8JC5EoqAAeeRQ0TQnnsY3cV7Bnb0ejPOPMw18B4ns3Kussq13FPd0cJCMSNoy7nILB
RD2QkOEutfq4IfwXeOhqHzSGLtoII-2FbP9x4AfuINYix8C9k3bXbjGE-2FvDjr0gCvSCiVf
20m-2BEe4L-2FjRByBIDZjOpOjBRDoAWogoN-2ByzGAxt7Lwt6Go8Zj9gRBxQAuPpwyxPNYI
q8Hc2pIjXrw6TjV3zxWFHA-2BcfFE1GW9l-2FPMj5pbPBTY1gNlJ-2FIjIqDu2ZOIh2vArSn
fZoUZ3o8t2eYzvqF8QpvWU67oXGtdg-3D-3D>
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=uIosbxYg3MiEKm7o2mBP4q394k6-2FbKd
yvMUgpCrC2VhVJojV69aGhvhE4aUYHPfb_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYY
c877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4RkdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTlTllA-2F4hUJLhXCklFMm
-2BKtKgjNihk3io-2Bj-2FfLco2cJrKFDZau3gr8TkPcTHzgeqvM2RkcA5IzIMokInKV75bm
ZJgBZbftQ9HOWON8f6-2FOBc7vHJZGBzJDc3dvQsxbT1LnkVDb7Gzobua31KjBha0gkRZ3wk
bqRNCbEle1xE812KIseRn570epWt62AvMSfejbdWgiMUos9YZYEIjELPSqj6Ynt63bH8iOyH
93fXs0WXQv2kU3SU8IAhKFqaqn9Yuz4j4pnsHkICSDl4LhdRaOzkLMFvQ6ctNrzhb-2BbSXc
Llrbz-2BUqU4EvbhEiNzMbFqAQ-3D-3D>
<http://email.plexapp.com/wf/click?upn=0vW9Gqz0nluDUwc8GEUjn3J9G2HQ12AVU
PWVTP6MnBl8gcf1hem6YsL4Ko-2Fsuojkkfbq2I8sO3WQqe9SHc0v86nyxYvVh-2FPDXKRkU
ixTbajMBgXmEUesWeQnVKp00gxIUa3a2fbF6M35Ocf-2BwyQNGUwvKHuhR2nU2kikWpHKss4
-3D_rkwuK8TjtAUrSFYuN-2FWcFqYOAoqd2nHPDLYYc877tAowS465oXBBr3aGCDg-2BMA4R
kdB0MdOmySUcSIuV8HjuTrJBRfCsI0Ned2zzh-2FhhbeZ7tW2fgvPNlMNJ-2BmabG817H4ch
hIq-2Bk6jbgCo2TeJC7wqhCD4YiYBddL9rD-2F7-2FBgTUw2Y0ofXPrxy9Y5s2rAPcEcfvpc
h4PVFYX9ZplDF0Av18V6aeIQ